AI and experts for AppSec | Fluid Attacks Real AppSec. Verified by experts, powered by AI. Real AppSec. Verified by experts, powered by AI. Prevent, detect, manage, and fix vulnerabilities continuously across your SDLC. Try for free Try for free Contact sales Contact sales We integrate our AI , automated tools , and pentesters to help you improve your security posture Get to know Continuous Hacking  One platform for vulnerability management   Comprehensive application security testing   Support by GenAI and security experts   Integrations with our platform   Risk-based vulnerability prioritization   Low false positive and false negative rates   One platform for vulnerability management   Comprehensive application security testing   Support by GenAI and security experts   Integrations with our platform   Risk-based vulnerability prioritization   Low false positive and false negative rates   One platform for vulnerability management Access vulnerability reports, assign their remediation, obtain support, request reattacks, and track your progress from a single ASPM platform.  Comprehensive application security testing Assess your software's security through automated and manual techniques (SAST, AI SAST, DAST, SCA, PTaaS, secure code review, and reverse engineering).  Support by GenAI and security experts Leverage our AI to get automatic guidelines and suggestions for vulnerability remediation in your code and our pentesters' knowledge to understand complex issues.  Integrations with our platform Integrate your IDEs and bug-tracking systems with our platform to identify and manage your software and supply chain security issues.  Risk-based vulnerability prioritization Prioritize vulnerabilities to be remediated based on information such as risk exposure, reachability, and probability of exploitation (EPSS).  Low false positive and false negative rates Forget about dealing with false alarms or lies in security vulnerability reports and exhaustively know your company's risk exposure. Speed, scalability and accuracy for Development teams Security teams We seek to tailor our solution to the languages, tools, and environments used by your developers, inform them of attack surfaces from the beginning, and help and encourage them to remediate vulnerabilities as soon as possible.  Autofix and Custom Fix with GenAI   IDE and bug-tracking system integrations   Software bill of materials (SBOM)   CI Gate to break the build   DevSecOps  See plans and pricing Development teams Security teams We seek to tailor our solution to the languages, tools, and environments used by your developers, inform them of attack surfaces from the beginning, and help and encourage them to remediate vulnerabilities as soon as possible.  Autofix and Custom Fix with GenAI   IDE and bug-tracking system integrations   Software bill of materials (SBOM)   CI Gate to break the build   DevSecOps  See plans and pricing Development teams Security teams We seek to tailor our solution to the languages, tools, and environments used by your developers, inform them of attack surfaces from the beginning, and help and encourage them to remediate vulnerabilities as soon as possible.  Autofix and Custom Fix with GenAI   IDE and bug-tracking system integrations   Software bill of materials (SBOM)   CI Gate to break the build   DevSecOps  See plans and pricing Start your 21-day free trial Discover the benefits of our Continuous Hacking solution, which organizations of all sizes are already enjoying. Try for free Contact sales Start your 21-day free trial Discover the benefits of our Continuous Hacking solution, which organizations of all sizes are already enjoying. Try for free Contact sales Start your 21-day free trial Discover the benefits of our Continuous Hacking solution, which organizations of all sizes are already enjoying. Try for free Contact sales Our clients choose security beyond automation They trust our platform, AppSec tools, AI, and pentesters to continuously improve their security posture. Explore their experiences Explore their experiences  Leading financial services company  Renowned airline  Protección  Payválida 4.7 RATING “Their combination of automated tools and manual testing ensures that no vulnerabilities are overlooked, even in complex systems.” Security Architect - Banking  5.0 “Combines the best of manual and automated review tools to cover the security of your application.” Vulnerability Manager Specialist - Transportation  5.0 “The administration is very easy and shows in simple way all the security vectors to be attacked.” Chief information officer - Banking  4.0 “Their focus on continuos security testing aligns well with agile and DevOps practices, helping us maintain a strong security posture throughout the SDLC.” CISO - Banking  5.0 “I get to see DevSecOps and DevOps working together to make the company a safe space.” Security Arquitect Analyst - Banking  5.0 “Great CI/CD Pipeline Integration. Great customer support, love the webinars and easy to solve vulnerabilities.” IT Associate - Banking  5.0 “I really like the attention and willingness that the Fluid Attacks team members offer when questions or concerns arise about the platform and any topic related to vulnerabilities.” Support Developer - Healthcare and Biotech  5.0 “I like that there are so many place where I can look up or find out how to fix a vulnerability.” Chapter Lead Frontend Developer - Banking  4.0 “The Platform is user-friendly, but the personalized attention of speaking with a hacker is invaluable.” Cybersecurity Officer - Banking  5.0 “It is a perfect combination of IT solutions and personal support, to achieve a continuos ethical hacking service.” Information Security and Cibersecurity - Banking  5.0 “In general, the service that Fluid provides us is one of the fundamental pillars of our strategy to move security to the left in the SDLC.” CISO - Banking  5.0 “Our experience has been highly positive. Their continuos security testing approach, combined with a strong focus on DevSecOps integration, has brought significant value to our clients.” Solutions Architect - IT Services  5.0 “Fluid Attacks provides a strong security testing frameworks with continuos visibility into vulnerabilities. The recent AI features enhance secure development.” IT Security & Risk Management Associate - Banking  5.0 “Part of manual pen testing is something that competitors don’t have, and you can even communicate with the person who discovered the vulnerability.” Ciso - Healthcare and Biotech  5.0 “We compared this tool with other market leaders and we found it to be superior in vulnerability discovery and with fewer false positives.” Ciso - Healthcare and Biotech  5.0 “Fluid is truly a game changer, as we are no longer the showstoppers in production releases.” Cybersecurity Coordinator - Transportation  5.0 “What I like most about the product is that it allows us to understand what vulnerabilities we have at the project level and how these vulnerabilities can be resolved.” Software Engineer - Banking  5.0 “Our experience with Fluid attacks has been excellent. The team is very skilled, always proactive, and quick to respond.” Manager, IT Security and Risk Management - Banking  5.0 “The simplicity of use. I like the devsecops integrations. As a devops, I think I can integrate this tool with pipelines in order to secure my software.” Software Developer - Software  4.0 Read all reviews 4.9 RATING “Responses are always precise.” DevSecOps Leader - Consumer products & services  5.0 “They try to understand their client's business in order to improve their value proposition.” CEO, Libera Supply Chain Finance - Financial services  5.0 “They've even joined us in meetings with senior management.” CISO, Regional Airline - Other industries  5.0 “In general, the quality of their work was great.” Operations & Infrastructure Manager, Global HR Staffing Firm - Business services  5.0 “We were very happy with their services, which were exactly what we expected.” Cybersecurity Manager, Large Bank - Financial services  5.0 “They've helped us identify security issues that we had't considered before.” CTO, Payvalida - Information technology  5.0 “Their customer support and professionalism are remarkable.” Development Lead, Technical Process Automation - Information technology  5.0 Read all reviews When will your company start to guarantee secure software development? Know about our plans and begin protecting your products, data, and users with the help of the Fluid Attacks team. Contact sales Contact sales See plans and pricing Fluid Attacks' solutions enable organizations to identify, prioritize, and remediate vulnerabilities in their software throughout the SDLC. Supported by AI, automated tools, and pentesters, Fluid Attacks accelerates companies' risk exposure mitigation and strengthens their cybersecurity posture. Get an AI summary of Fluid Attacks Products Platform SAST SCA DAST AI SAST PTaaS Secure code review Reverse engineering Integrations Solutions Continuous Hacking AppSec ACSA ASPM AI security RBVM SSCS Compliance DevSecOps Targets Web applications Mobile applications APIs and microservices Infrastructure as code LLM apps and GenAI Company About us Customers Certifications Partners Careers Trust center Resources Advisories Blog Success stories Downloadables Cybersecurity essentials Events Documentation Courses on our platform Tool benchmark Subscribe to our newsletter Stay updated on our upcoming events and latest blog posts, advisories and other engaging resources. Subscribe SOC 2 Type II SOC 3 © 2026 Fluid Attacks. We hack your software. Terms of use Privacy policy System status Cookie policy     Fluid Attacks' solutions enable organizations to identify, prioritize, and remediate vulnerabilities in their software throughout the SDLC. Supported by AI, automated tools, and pentesters, Fluid Attacks accelerates companies' risk exposure mitigation and strengthens their cybersecurity posture. Products Platform SAST SCA DAST AI SAST PTaaS Secure code review Reverse engineering Integrations Solutions Continuous Hacking AppSec ACSA ASPM AI security RBVM SSCS Compliance DevSecOps Targets Web applications Mobile applications APIs and microservices Infrastructure as code LLM apps and GenAI Company About us Customers Certifications Partners Careers Trust center Resources Advisories Blog Success stories Downloadables Cybersecurity essentials Events Documentation Courses on our platform Tool benchmark Subscribe to our newsletter Stay updated on our upcoming events and latest blog posts, advisories and other engaging resources. Subscribe Get an AI summary of Fluid Attacks SOC 2 Type II SOC 3 © 2026 Fluid Attacks. We hack your software. Terms of use Privacy policy System status Cookie policy     Fluid Attacks' solutions enable organizations to identify, prioritize, and remediate vulnerabilities in their software throughout the SDLC. Supported by AI, automated tools, and pentesters, Fluid Attacks accelerates companies' risk exposure mitigation and strengthens their cybersecurity posture. Products Platform SAST SCA DAST AI SAST PTaaS Secure code review Reverse engineering Integrations Solutions Continuous Hacking AppSec ACSA ASPM AI security RBVM SSCS Compliance DevSecOps Targets Web applications Mobile applications APIs and microservices Infrastructure as code LLM apps and GenAI Company About us Customers Certifications Partners Careers Trust center Resources Advisories Blog Success stories Downloadables Cybersecurity essentials Events Documentation Courses on our platform Tool benchmark Subscribe to our newsletter Stay updated on our upcoming events and latest blog posts, advisories and other engaging resources. Subscribe Get an AI summary of Fluid Attacks SOC 2 Type II SOC 3 © 2026 Fluid Attacks. We hack your software. Terms of use Privacy policy System status Cookie policy     Meet us at RSA Conference™ 2026 at booth N-4614! Book a demo on-site . Solution Plans Resources Advisories Company Select Language English  EN Contact sales Log in Try for free Meet us at RSA Conference™ 2026 at booth N-4614! Book a demo on-site . Select Language English  EN Contact sales Try for free Meet us at RSA Conference™ 2026 at booth N-4614! Book a demo on-site . Select Language English  EN