Darktrace DETECT | Autonomous Threat Detection Platform Darktrace ActiveAI Security Platform™ Discover now Platform Products Cross Platform Products AI Investigations / NETWORK Proactive protection / EMAIL Cloud-native AI security / CLOUD Complete cloud coverage / SECURE AI NEW Deploy agents confidently / OT Comprehensive OT security / IDENTITY 360º user protection / ENDPOINT Coverage for every device / Proactive Exposure Management / Attack Surface Management / Forensic Acquisition & Investigation / Incident Readiness & Recovery / Cyber AI Analyst Accelerate triage by 10x More Services Defend with confidence Integrations Connect with anything Solutions Use Cases Discover how Darktrace defends the full range of attack vectors Ransomware APTs Phishing Data Loss Account Takeover Insider Threats Supply Chain Attacks Business Email Compromise Customer stories See how we solve problems for our 10,000+ customers Inside the SOC Technical deep dives of cyber incidents and the latest threat trends Why Darktrace The Darktrace Difference Company Inside Darktrace Our AI Our Customers Industry Recognition About Us Events News Leadership Careers Contact Us Federal Trust Center Darktrace named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for NDR RSAC 2026: Join Darktrace in San Francisco. Find out more Partners Darktrace Partners Cloud Partnerships Inside Darktrace Overview Technology Partners Partner Portal Microsoft AWS Discover the value a partnership with Darktrace can bring to you and your customers, as we fundamentally transform your ability to reduce cyber disruption. Resources Blogs Further Resources Featured Resource The Darktrace Blog Latest security trends and tips Inside the SOC Real threats in real environments Resource Library Threat reports, CISO guides, and more Customer Stories 10,000 organizations of all sizes Cyber AI Glossary An A-Z of all things cyber Uncover findings from our survey of 1500 cybersecurity professionals on how AI is shaping concerns and priorities Securing AI in the Enterprise Take the next step toward securing AI in your environment. Get a demo Platform / NETWORK Proactive protection / EMAIL Cloud-native AI security / CLOUD Complete cloud coverage / SECURE AI Deploy agents confidently / OT Comprehensive risk management / IDENTITY 360º user protection / ENDPOINT Coverage for every device / Proactive Exposure Management / Attack Surface Management / Forensic Acquisition & Investigation / Incident Readiness & Recovery / Cyber AI Analyst Accelerate triage by 10x Services Defend with confidence Integrations Connect with anything Darktrace ActiveAI Security Platform™ Spot novel threats across your whole organization. Solutions Use cases Ransomware Account Takeover APTs Insider Threats Phishing Supply Chain Attacks Data Loss Business Email Compromise Inside the SOC Technical deep dives of cyber incidents and the latest threat trends Why Darktrace The Darktrace Difference Our AI Our Customers Industry Recognition About Us Company Events News Leadership Careers Contact Us Federal Trust Center RSAC 2026 Join Darktrace in San Francisco Partners Darktrace Partners Overview Technology Partners Partner Portal Further Partners Microsoft AWS Darktrace Partner Portal Stronger Together: Defend, Disrupt, Deliver Resources Blogs The Darktrace Blog Inside the SOC The Inference Further Resources Resource Library Customer Stories Cyber AI Glossary Securing AI in the Enterprise Take the next step Get a demo Your data. Our AI. The most advanced threat detection. Everywhere. / NETWORK Go beyond NDR to achieve proactive security / EMAIL Cloud-native AI email security / CLOUD Secure your cloud in real time / OT Protect your converged IT/OT environments / IDENTITY Outsmart identity threats / ENDPOINT Every device, everywhere, all the time LEARNS YOU A bespoke, continuously evolving understanding of your business Darktrace Self-Learning AI understands what makes you unique - every user, cloud account, desktop, laptop and server. Understanding your organization’s version of normal is the key to detecting everything that’s not. UNCOVERS THREATS Always on, always evolving Darktrace DETECT analyzes thousands of metrics to reveal subtle deviations that may signal an evolving threat - even unknown techniques and novel malware. It distinguishes between malicious and benign behavior, identifying attacks that typically go unnoticed. This is the default text value Medium length heading goes here CTA1 CTA2 EASY IMPLEMENTATION Simple implementation that learns the uniqueness of your business Installs quickly, whether deployed in specific coverage areas like email or across the entire enterprise. Darktrace Self-Learning AI understands your organization’s normal patterns of life and continues to dynamically learn over time. BEYOND DETECTION Identify threats, avoid disruption Darktrace DETECT feeds data into Darktrace RESPOND for breakthrough, AI-powered security that disarms threats that could disrupt your operations. Autonomous, instant and designed to augment your security team. Any industry. Any size. Every organization. See why Darktrace is a Gartner Customer’s Choice for Network Detection and Response 4.6 on Gartner Peer Insights See our customer reviews Not all AI is created equal Conventional AI typically relies on identifying threats based on historical attack data and reported techniques, requiring data to be cleansed, labelled and moved to a centralized repository. Darktrace DETECT's Self-Learning AI learns "on the job" from real-world data and constantly evolves its understanding as your environment changes. Cyber AI Analyst Darktrace's Cyber AI Analyst investigates every output of Darktrace DETECT to reveal the wider incident, giving you all the details you need in just one click. Combines human expertise with the speed and scale of AI AI Analyst is trained on an ever-growing data set of expert cyber analysts. By observing and then replicating their behavior, the technology thinks like a human investigator: asking questions, testing hypotheses, reaching conclusions. Cuts through the noise As a result, it can perform the heavy lifting on behalf of human teams, connecting the dots between dozens of singular events and reducing them to a handful of high priority incidents for human review. Augments your team AI Analyst reduces triage time by an average of 92%. This allows your security team to spend their time on strategic tasks rather than reactive fire-fighting. The end result? AI-generated incident reports that anyone can understand From your board, to your newest starter. This is the default text value This is the default text value This is the default text value Delivers a proactive approach to cyber resilience in a single cybersecurity platform, providing preemptive visibility into security posture, real-time detection, and autonomous response to known and unknown threats. CTA1 CTA2 Your data. Our AI. Elevate your cyber security with Darktrace AI Get a demo English English Française Deutsch Español 日本語 English Française Deutsch Español 日本語 Products Products Overview Platform / NETWORK / EMAIL / CLOUD / SECURE AI / OT / IDENTITY / ENDPOINT Platform Add-ons / Proactive Exposure Management / Attack Surface Management / Forensic Acquisition & Investigation / Incident Readiness & Recovery Services Overview Company About us Contact News Leadership Investors Careers SDR Academy Academy Federal Trust Center Legal Thoma Bravo Acquisition Our AI Cyber AI AI Research Centre Resources All Resources Blog Customers Customer Portal Events The Inference Inside the SOC Glossary Partners Partner Overview Technology Partners Integrations Partner Portal Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Modern Slavery Act Statement Public Tax Strategy Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Copyright 2026 Darktrace Holdings Limited. All rights reserved.