Your Partner in Digital Transformation | BCX MENU MENU OFFICES CAREERS +27 (0)11 266 5000 Industries Engaging with effective governance Giving South African municipalities access to the tools and technologies it needs to thrive, was the driving force behind BCX SOLAR. Giving South African municipalities access to the tools and technologies it needs to thrive, was the driving force behind BCX SOLAR. READ MORE Mining Sector Increase productivity & build a culture of innovation Financial Sector Meet the challenges of disruption & cyber security Healthcare Sector Empower your patients & leverage data by deploying customised solutions Retail Sector Embrace the changing retail landscape & know your customer Government Sector Use digital transformation to grow the economy & build capacity  Industries Overview > Solutions Reimagine success Accelerate your business ambitions with cloud computing solutions from BCX. LEARN MORE  Digital Innovation Awards BCX Digital Innovation Awards Cloud Computing for today & the future Digital Transformation Intelligent systems upgrading Analytics Data that works for you Applications Tools to streamline operations Services Strategies for efficient ICT Healthcare Solutions Applications for healthcare SOLAR ERP Solutions Connect, integrate, and optimise Security Protection for your critical systems Devices Processes & network foundations Connectivity Connections within & without Partners Partnerships moving business forward HR and Payroll Solutions Everything to manage people & payroll Software Testing-as-a-Service Your pathway to zero-defect software  Solutions Overview > Insights 21 February 2022 | Whitepaper | Digital Innovation Digital Innovation Report - South Africa 2022 READ MORE  Articles Read the latest industry views & insights i Whitepapers Download project & industry whitepapers  Podcasts Hear about new innovations & approaches I Videos Watch current thought leadership intiatives Industry Insights - Finance Sector - Education Sector - Government Sector - Healthcare Sector - Manufacturing - Mining Sector - Retail Sector Technology Insights - Big Data Analytics - Cloud Solutions - Converged Connectivity - Digital Innovation - Digital Transformation - Internet of Things & M2M - Mobility Solutions - Security Solutions - Unified Comms & Collaboration About Celebrating South Africa’s Trailblazers in Digital Innovation 2025 Honouring visionary thinkers shaping the nation’s technological future through creativity and resilience. LEARN MORE  Digital Innovation Awards BCX Digital Innovation Awards  BCX Connects Industry insights and intelligence Our Story BCX in a nutshell Our People Meet our Leaders Newsroom Latest developments Social Impact Our commitment to the community BCX Certifications ISO & Industry Certifications Careers Join our team Transformation Our commitment to change Our Global Footprint BCX around the world Corporate Initiatives - Digital Innovation Awards - The Directors Event - Wired4Women Offices BCX Head Office 1021 Lenchen Avenue North Centurion, Gauteng South Africa 0157 LEARN MORE Botswana Mozambique Namibia Zambia United Kingdom  Our Global Footprint Overview > Contact Speak To An Expert We'll need just a few details from you, and one of our specialists will be in touch as soon as possible. CALL ME BACK BCX HEAD OFFICE  Employee Entrance: 1021 Lenchen Avenue North Centurion Gauteng South Africa 0157  Contact Us: +27(0) 11 266 5111 +27(0) 11 266 1000 +27(0) 11 266 5000  Visitors Entrance: 1266 South Road Centurion Gauteng South Africa 0157 Search Go! EN PT Comprehensive cloud solutions Unlock agility and scalability by leveraging key partnerships with AWS, Microsoft, Alibaba Cloud and Dotcom Software Solutions. \n EXPLORE "}},"slug":"et_pb_blurb"}"> Longstanding partnerships and certified specialists We have a partnership system of over 30 leading suppliers providing cutting-edge hardware & software. \n EXPLORE "}},"slug":"et_pb_blurb"}"> Cybersecurity to future-proof your business Protecting you and your customers through relevant and compatible applications. \n EXPLORE "}},"slug":"et_pb_blurb"}"> Connectivity through Unified Collaboration Solutions \n EXPLORE "}},"slug":"et_pb_blurb"}"> BCX is your partner in digital transformation BCX is your partner in digital transformation \n When a company endeavours to integrate and centralise technology at the core of its business strategy \u2013 it is embarking on a Digital Transformation journey. At BCX we understand the many facets of this journey. We have the expertise, resources and solutions available to partner with you. ","tablet":" If you need to build a digital transformation and innovation strategy, we have the expertise to help you succeed. \n Or, if your digital transformation and innovation strategy leads you to migrate to the cloud , build custom applications , leverage data and analytics to understand your business, protect your systems with the latest in security solutions, replace or maintain your devices, or to simply explore your options for connectivity , we have the resources to take the journey with you. "}},"slug":"et_pb_text"}" data-et-multi-view-load-tablet-hidden="true"> BCX is your partner in digital transformation When a company endeavours to integrate and centralise technology at the core of its business strategy – it is embarking on a Digital Transformation journey. At BCX we understand the many facets of this journey. We have the expertise, resources and solutions available to partner with you. Explore more → Reimagine evolution Give your business the power to grow READ MORE BCX Digital Innovation Report South Africa 2024 GET THE REPORT Reimagine trust Secure environments for seamless experiences #NetworkResilience READ MORE Reimagine smart software testing with BCX Smar-Test – fast, cost-effective software Testing-as-a-Service. READ MORE INDUSTRY BCX Industry Expertise BCX has unique expertise and a range of services and products that are critical for every industry to become future proof. INDUSTRY Mining sector Increase productivity and build a culture of innovation. Read more about this Industry → INDUSTRY Retail sector Embrace the changing retail landscape and learn about your customers. Read more about this Industry → INDUSTRY Financial sector Meet the challenges of disruption and cyber security. Read more about this Industry → INDUSTRY Healthcare sector Empower your patients and leverage data by deploying customised solutions. Read more about this Industry → INDUSTRY Government sector Use digital transformation to grow the economy and build capacity. Read more about this Industry → Our solutions Digital Transformation Meet the needs of current and future customers by integrating processes, systems and people. With the right tools, you can create new products, services and business models. Explore more → Cloud Take your business into a cloud-first future with best-of-breed cloud services and tools to reinvent infrastructure performance and availability. Explore more → Applications Improve and digitise your business processes and enhance productivity and efficiency with intelligent business tools. Explore more → Services Address a wide variety of business needs and positively impact your ways of working. With BCX services, you can reduce costs, increase profits and improve the productivity of your entire company. Explore more → Analytics Extract meaningful knowledge from complex data sets with analytics tools that filter, correlate and present data to create reports. Dashboards provide accurate information that informs decision-making. Explore more → Cybersecurity Reimagine trust with an integrated approach to cybersecurity. Gain greater resilience through proactive security, compliance and continuity. Explore more → Devices Enable connective intelligence through IT procurement as well as hardware management and maintenance. powered by premier digital technology. Explore more → Connectivity Stand out in a highly competitive market with an agile network. Software-defined solutions will power your applications. further collaborations and allow for multi-access connections. Explore more → HR and Payroll Cloud-based HR solutions that transform your business-critical HR operations to deliver more effective and efficient people-critical services. Explore more → Software Testing-as-a-Service Ensure thorough, end-to-end testing coverage with Smar-Test, BCX’s next-generation technology testing platform. Smar-Test delivers reduced testing costs, less testing effort and faster time to production go live. Explore more → AI and Automation In today’s fast-paced service delivery environment, success belongs to the organisations that combine human expertise with intelligent technology. Our AI and Automation suite delivers a powerful force multiplier for your team, giving you speed, precision and insight at every level of service management. Explore more → Digital Transformation Meet the needs of current and future customers by integrating processes, systems and people. With the right tools, you can create new products, services and business models. Explore more → Cloud Take your business into a cloud-first future with best-of-breed cloud services and tools to reinvent infrastructure performance and availability. Explore more → Applications Improve and digitise your business processes and enhance productivity and efficiency with intelligent business tools. Explore more → Services Address a wide variety of business needs and positively impact your ways of working. With BCX services, you can reduce costs, increase profits and improve the productivity of your entire company. Explore more → Analytics Extract meaningful knowledge from complex data sets with analytics tools that filter, correlate and present data to create reports. Dashboards provide accurate information that informs decision-making. Explore more → Cybersecurity Reimagine trust with an integrated approach to cybersecurity. Gain greater resilience through proactive security, compliance and continuity. Explore more → Devices Enable connective intelligence through IT procurement as well as hardware management and maintenance. powered by premier digital technology. Explore more → Connectivity Stand out in a highly competitive market with an agile network. Software-defined solutions will power your applications. further collaborations and allow for multi-access connections. Explore more → HR and Payroll Cloud-based HR solutions that transform your business-critical HR operations to deliver more effective and efficient people-critical services. Explore more → Software Testing-as-a-Service Ensure thorough, end-to-end testing coverage with Smar-Test, BCX’s next-generation technology testing platform. Smar-Test delivers reduced testing costs, less testing effort and faster time to production go live. Explore more → Speak to a Consultant Certified Partner Ecosystems We're here to listen Q Request a call back Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. First Name (Required) Last Name (Required) Email (Required) Phone (Required) Company (Required) Industry (Required) Select Industry * Agriculture Apparel Banking Biotechnology Chemicals Communications Construction Consulting Education Electronics Energy Engineering Entertainment Environmental Finance Food & Beverage Government Healthcare Hospitality Insurance Machinery Manufacturing Media Mining Not For Profit Other Recreation Retail Shipping Technology Telecommunications Transportation Utilities Region (Required) Select Country * South Africa Mozambique Zambia Botswana Namibia UK Consent I agree to receive future direct marketing and company communication from BCX. Please read our Privacy Statement & Consent Clause to understand what happens to your personal information. Get in touch with an expert or find an office near you. BCX, a subsidiary within Telkom Group, is one of Africa’s largest systems integrator and digital transformation partners for enterprises and public sector organisations across various industries within South Africa, SADC, and the UK. For over 40 years, BCX has delivered solutions for how people learn, live, and work every day. Follow Follow Follow Follow ABOUT US USEFUL LINKS Industries Overview Solutions Overview Insights Centre Our Global Footprint Contact Us NEWSLETTER Email (Required) Consent (Required) I agree to the BCX Privacy Statement & Consent Clause . © Business Connexion (Pty) Ltd. 2025 All Rights Reserved. Reg No 1993/003683/07 Terms and Conditions | Legal | Privacy Statement and Consent Clause | COVID-19