Digital Encode Skip to content ","library":"fa-solid"},"full_width":"stretch","layout":"horizontal","toggle":"burger"}" data-widget_type="nav-menu.default"> Home About Us Our Team Our Services Compliance Implementation Live Response Security Education Security Assessment Articles Gallery Home About Us Our Team Our Services Compliance Implementation Live Response Security Education Security Assessment Articles Gallery Contact Us Advisory Service" data-bdt-cover="1" src="data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==" style="--smush-placeholder-width: 6192px; --smush-placeholder-aspect-ratio: 6192/4128;" /> World-Class Advisory Service Digital Encode also provides advisory services toward improvements in Information Security Management, Network Security, Vulnerability Management, Penetration Testing, Computer Forensics, Risk and Business Continuity Management, Our Methodology is Unique Digital Encode’s unique methodology is rooted in the concept that a company should run its IT organisation as a business. Your Trusted Infosec & GRC Advisor We help individuals and businesses achieve their full potential and protect their information assets. We are the leading infosec & GRC advisory firm in Africa. Digital Encode is a leading consulting and integration firm founded in 2003 that specializes in designing, managing, and securing business-critical networks, telecommunications environments and other Information Technology (IT) infrastructures. Discover More SECURITY ASSESSMENT 0 % LIVE RESPONSE/ DIGITAL FORENSICS 0 % SECURITY EDUCATION MENTORING 0 % COMPLIANCE IMPLEMENTATION 0 % Our mission is to help individuals and businesses achieve their full potential and protect their information assets. We are recognised in the industry for our vendor-independent perspective, our firm’s expertise lies in solving multifaceted, complex enterprise network security and audit problems. 0 + YEARS OF EXCELLENCE 0 + SECURED COMPANIES 0 + ELIMINATED THREATS Our Partners Our Services Digital Encode’s unique methodology is rooted in the concept that a company should run its IT organization as a business. Compliance Implementation Our team consists of experienced ISO 27001-certified lead auditors and implementation experts... Learn More Live Response/Digital Forensic Our digital forensics team is well-equipped with knowledge of forensics investigation, analysis, and interpretation. Learn More Security Education Mentoring Research-based services are a norm at Digital Encode Consulting. Several years of experience combined with results... Learn More Security Assessment Penetration Testing or ethical hacking is an exercise that attempts to simulate the techniques adopted... Learn More Some Clients Testimonial Our experience with Digital Encode Ltd is just one example of the commitment that has developed into a lasting relationship built upon integrity and mutual respect. Sterling Bank Having concluded the first annual performance appraisal exercise for the year 2015, Digital Encode's performance during this period has been rated OUTSTANDING. Union Bank Digital Encode has managed several projects for us including; penetration testing and vulnerability assessments, with the most recent one being our PCI-DSS certification exercise, which was accompanied by a huge success. Wema Bank The delivery of the ISO 27001:13 certification is a testament to the teamwork, focus, drive and will to succeed that is extremely encouraging, contagious and provides an exemplary model for partnerships with organisations, such as Digital Encode Limited. Nigerian Stock Exchange Advisory Services Digital Encode also provides advisory services toward improvements in: Information Security Management Network Security Vulnerability Management Swift CSCF Assessment Risk and Business Continuity Management Penetration Testing Computer Forensics Nigeria Data Protection Act Some of Our Clients Blog Exciting News! Digital Encode Team Now Includes Swift Certified Assessors April 16, 2025 Hardening your SWIFT Environment February 23, 2019 Ready For Awesome Project With Us? Let's Talk About Your Project. Contact us Plot 5B, Shoreline Drive, Salvation Estate, Ikoyi. 30 , Wall St. 8th Floor, New York, NY 10005. services Security Assessments Live Response / Digital Forensics Security Education Mentoring Compliance Implementation company About Us Articles Gallery Contact Us Contact +234-802-3316-951 info@digitalencode.net Copyright © 2026 Digital Encode | Powered by Digital Encode Privacy Policy A note to our visitors Digital Encode has updated its privacy policy in compliance with changes to Nigerian Data Protection Regulation and other applicable laws in this context, for all members globally. We’ve also updated our Privacy Policy to give you more information about your rights and responsibilities with respect to your privacy and personal information. Please read this to review the updates about which cookies we use and what information we collect on our site. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to our updated privacy policy. Digital Encode Privacy Statement I agree