Lumu Technologies | Prevent Ransomware and Get Better Cybersecurity Risk Assessment --> Skip to content Live Training | What's New in Lumu Defender Register Now X Already have an account? Sign in Sign in ","library":"fa-solid"}}" data-widget_type="nav-menu.default"> Business MSP English Português Spanish Business MSP English Português Spanish Product Close Product Open Product BY PRODUCT SecOps Platform Defender Autopilot Archive Discover Maltiverse By Use Case Network Detection and Response Threat Hunting SecOps EDR Evasion Autonomous Incident Management Attack Surface Assessment Log Storage Threat Intelligence By Industry Enterprise State and Local Government Financial Services K-12 & Education Healthcare For MSPs MSP / MSSPs Testimonials Integrations Resources Blog FAQ Request Access Resources Close Resources Open Resources Customer Stories Videos How to Reports More Resources Main Menu Blog Partners Resellers Ecosystem Company About us Investors Get FREE Account Product Close Product Open Product By Product SecOps Platform Defender Autopilot Archive Discover Maltiverse By Use Case Network Detection and Response Threat Hunting SecOps EDR Evasion Autonomous Incident Management Attack Surface Assessment Log Storage Threat Intelligence By Industry Enterprise State and Local Government Financial Services K12 & Education Healthcare For MSPs MSP / MSSPs Testimonials Integratios Resources Blog FAQ Request Access Resources Close Resources Open Resources Customer Stories Videos How to Reports More Resources Blog Partners Close Partners Open Partners Resellers Ecosystem Company Close Company Open Company About Us Investors Get FREE Account ","library":"fa-solid"}}" data-widget_type="nav-menu.default"> English Português Spanish English Português Spanish EDRs get bypassed Networks don’t We eliminate the blind spots and complete your stack Learn more The Secops Lumu Platform Learn more Lumu’s platform fulfills SecOps requirements by bringing together visibility, automation, compliance, and intelligence— enabling a proactive and adaptable cybersecurity strategy. Report Lumu Report on Cybersecurity for Education 2026 Schools are now the primary objective for cybercrime in the USA. Attackers are taking advantage of the chaos of student traffic to get into your network. Access Report ⇁ Events Meet up with Lumu at the RSA Conference 2026 View our full schedule of activities, book a demo, and see how to connect with the Lumu team throughout the week of RSA. Visit the link to learn more about where to find us. See More ⇁ Attacks Advisory Alert: AsyncRAT – Analysis, Evolution, and Defense Strategies AsyncRAT is an adaptable open-source Trojan that has evolved into a global threat. We look at how it works and the best way to defend against it. Learn More ⇁ Report Lumu Compromise REPORT 2026 To defeat the adversary in 2026, you must understand their toolkit. We analyzed the threat horizon and dissected global data to help you make key decisions. This report shows you exactly where to prioritize your defense. Access Report ⇁ Resources Cybersecurity Operations for K–12 Education Schools are under growing pressure to defend against modern cyber threats. See how Lumu defends schools 24/7, securing sensitive data and keeping classrooms running without disruption. Learn More ⇁ Report Network Detection and Response (NDR): Lumu Recognized as a Leader by GigaOm Radar Report Access Report ⇁ Training Product Training | Lumu Discover This session provides a hands-on look at how Lumu Discover helps security teams stay ahead of targeted threats. Watch video ⇁ Resources EDR Evasion In Action: Evading Microsoft Defender Our team bypasses Microsoft Defender in just minutes, demonstrating the vulnerabilities present in all EDR solutions. Watch video ⇁ How Lumu Works Discover how Lumu works ⇁ Lumu seamlessly integrates with your existing cybersecurity stack See more integrations ⇁ What Our Customers Are Saying CONSTRUCTION Ozinga Jim Teml Security Engineer “Lumu is that guy that’s up 24 hours looking at the threats, looking at the data, and if action is necessary, they raise the alert, hook into your integrations, and do it all for you.” Watch Interview BANKING Horizon Bank Joe Henrich SVP, Senior Technology Officer “Lumu catches the things that make it past our other defences. It’s kind of scary – if we didn’t have Lumu, what would we not be seeing?” Watch Interview FINANCIAL Davivienda Fabian Zambrano Head of Cybersecurity “Lumu identifies what is failing, against whom you are failing, and how to respond to that failure. Nothing else in the market does this.” Watch Interview FINANCIAL Valid Pedro Nuno CISO “Lumu can even see things before my endpoint protection. This is spectacular because I don’t need to activate an endpoint response plan, because I’ve dealt with it before it’s happened.” Watch Interview FINANCIAL Provident Israel Hernández Cybersecurity Manager “Lumu gives you all the information you need to precisely act in a timely manner” Watch Interview EDUCATION Harding Academy Matt Powers Information Systems Director “Think of a security stack as a stack of Swiss cheese pieces: each piece provides defense, but each one of those layers has holes in it. If a threat gets through, Lumu catches that.” Watch Interview EDUCATION Uinta County School District Jaraun Dennis Technology and Facilities Director “It paired really nicely with our Checkpoint firewall and our CrowdStrike. That interoperability oftentimes doesn’t happen. And so Lumu really makes these other tools that we were using better.” Watch Interview EDUCATION Sublette County School District Chris Rule Director of information Services “Even though we had our security stack in place, those solutions had some gaps. [When we installed Lumu we were seeing some command and control and malware on the servers.” Watch Interview STATE & LOCAL GOVERNMENT Lehigh County Bob Kennedy Chief Information Officer “Lumu is making actionable decisions in real-time based on information it’s ingesting from our network, it integrates with our firewall and response happens within seconds.” Watch Interview STATE & LOCAL GOVERNMENT Lehigh County Scott Wilson Information Security Officer “Lumu’s automated response is next generational, we’re not up all night watching monitors to see what’s going on.” Watch Interview HEALTHCARE Mostellar Medical Matt Everett​ IT Coordinator​ “It gives me those tools that I need to be able to protect my patient information in a way that HIPAA is is satisfied with and of course if HIPAA is satisfied with it then I’m satisfied with it.” Watch Interview MSP Lehigh Valley Technology Ryahn Toole Cloud / Security Specialist “Lumu has been fantastic in it’s flexibility around deployment for different customers.” Watch Interview MSP Touchstone Security Rich Shinnick CEO “When Lumu sees compromise it will integrate with your other products to automatically block those threats.” Watch Interview MSP Touchstone Security Matt McKay Systems Engineer “Lumu helped us narrow down response efforts to a malicious incident with a client by showing us what happened, seeing which user it involved, the specific IP and device so we could quickly reach out to our client and let them know what was going on.“ Watch Interview MSP Kemper Technology Consulting Tim Combs IT Consultant “Lumu helps us understand which tools we need in our cyber-stack and whether or not they are actually working.” Watch Interview GOVERNMENT Alachua County Marty Albanese Network Security Analyst “We previously used a SIEM that complicated things, Lumu gives us clear information we can decisively act on.“ Watch Interview HEALTHCARE Ophthalmic Consultants of Boston Nick Pannoni Director, Information Technology “We installed Lumu and within two months we were able to detect a serious threat, the quick turnaround from Lumu to notify us allowed us to close up that threat as quickly as possible and stop a possible bad breach to our Network.” Watch Interview HOSPITALITY Philadelphia Convention and Visitors Bureau Joe MacNichol IT Director​ “Lumu is easy to install. Since we don’t have a full time cybersecurity person on staff, Lumu has become our virtual cybersecurity analyst.” Watch Interview Previous Next CONSTRUCTION Ozinga Jim Teml Security Engineer “Lumu is that guy that’s up 24 hours looking at the threats, looking at the data, and if action is necessary, they raise the alert, hook into your integrations, and do it all for you.” Watch Interview BANKING Horizon Bank Joe Henrich SVP, Senior Technology Officer “Lumu catches the things that make it past our other defences. It’s kind of scary – if we didn’t have Lumu, what would we not be seeing?” Watch Interview FINANCIAL Davivienda Fabian Zambrano Head of Cybersecurity “Lumu identifies what is failing, against whom you are failing, and how to respond to that failure. Nothing else in the market does this.” Watch Interview FINANCIAL Valid Pedro Nuno CISO “Lumu can even see things before my endpoint protection. This is spectacular because I don’t need to activate an endpoint response plan, because I’ve dealt with it before it’s happened.” Watch Interview FINANCIAL Provident Israel Hernández Cybersecurity Manager “Lumu gives you all the information you need to precisely act in a timely manner” Watch Interview EDUCATION Harding Academy Matt Powers Information Systems Director “Think of a security stack as a stack of Swiss cheese pieces: each piece provides defense, but each one of those layers has holes in it. If a threat gets through, Lumu catches that.” Watch Interview EDUCATION Uinta County School District Jaraun Dennis Technology and Facilities Director “It paired really nicely with our Checkpoint firewall and our CrowdStrike. That interoperability oftentimes doesn’t happen. And so Lumu really makes these other tools that we were using better.” Watch Interview EDUCATION Sublette County School District Chris Rule Director of information Services “Even though we had our security stack in place, those solutions had some gaps. [When we installed Lumu we were seeing some command and control and malware on the servers.” Watch Interview STATE & LOCAL GOVERNMENT Lehigh County Bob Kennedy Chief Information Officer “Lumu is making actionable decisions in real-time based on information it’s ingesting from our network, it integrates with our firewall and response happens within seconds.” Watch Interview STATE & LOCAL GOVERNMENT Lehigh County Scott Wilson Information Security Officer “Lumu’s automated response is next generational, we’re not up all night watching monitors to see what’s going on.” Watch Interview HEALTHCARE Mostellar Medical Matt Everett​ IT Coordinator​ “It gives me those tools that I need to be able to protect my patient information in a way that HIPAA is is satisfied with and of course if HIPAA is satisfied with it then I’m satisfied with it.” Watch Interview MSP Lehigh Valley Technology Ryahn Toole Cloud / Security Specialist “Lumu has been fantastic in it’s flexibility around deployment for different customers.” Watch Interview MSP Touchstone Security Rich Shinnick CEO “When Lumu sees compromise it will integrate with your other products to automatically block those threats.” Watch Interview MSP Touchstone Security Matt McKay Systems Engineer “Lumu helped us narrow down response efforts to a malicious incident with a client by showing us what happened, seeing which user it involved, the specific IP and device so we could quickly reach out to our client and let them know what was going on.“ Watch Interview MSP Kemper Technology Consulting Tim Combs IT Consultant “Lumu helps us understand which tools we need in our cyber-stack and whether or not they are actually working.” Watch Interview GOVERNMENT Alachua County Marty Albanese Network Security Analyst “We previously used a SIEM that complicated things, Lumu gives us clear information we can decisively act on.“ Watch Interview HEALTHCARE Ophthalmic Consultants of Boston Nick Pannoni Director, Information Technology “We installed Lumu and within two months we were able to detect a serious threat, the quick turnaround from Lumu to notify us allowed us to close up that threat as quickly as possible and stop a possible bad breach to our Network.” Watch Interview HOSPITALITY Philadelphia Convention and Visitors Bureau Joe MacNichol IT Director​ “Lumu is easy to install. Since we don’t have a full time cybersecurity person on staff, Lumu has become our virtual cybersecurity analyst.” Watch Interview Previous Next Industry Validation Analysts recognize the breakthrough that Lumu brings to cybersecurity operators. How Lumu helps companies like yours ⇁ Your FREE compromise assessment is just a few clicks away Get started now PRODUCT What is Lumu? Benefits Cybersecurity Stack Key Features Customers Saying Industry Validation Use Cases Corporate Pricing Take a Tour FAQ PARTNERS Resellers MSP/MSSP Ecosystem RESOURCES Case Studies Datasheets Enlightenment Briefs Infographics Podcasts Press Releases Reports User Guides Videos Whitepapers Academy COMPANY About Us Blog Investors Events Careers Contact SUPPORT User Guide Videos Contact TRENDING NDR Lateral Movement SecOps Tools Threat Hunting Ransomware Playbook State & Local Government Cybersecurity for Schools Cybersecurity for Financial Institutions Facebook-f X-twitter Linkedin-in Instagram Youtube © Lumu Technologies All rights reserved. | Legal information . Join our pre-day workshop waitlist First Name (required) Last Name (required) Company Name (required) Company Email (required) Company Phone Number (required) By clicking “Submit Request” you agree to the Lumu Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Submit Request