Managed Detection and Response - Blackpoint Cyber Close Search Close Search Partner Login Contact us Platform Explore the CompassOne Platform Security Posture Rating NEW Measure cybersecurity maturity and get clear, actionable insights that expose gaps, prioritize improvements, and demonstrate real progress. Managed Detection and Response (MDR) NEW 24/7 SOC combined with contextual intelligence, patented detection logic, and AI-enhanced alerts for rapid threat detection and response Asset Inventory NEW Complete visibility across your organization’s attack surface. Vulnerability Management NEW Identify vulnerabilities and prioritizes which ones truly matter within your organization’s context Cloud Posture NEW Persistent monitoring, drift detection, and alignment with cloud security best practices to close security gaps Application Control NEW Expert currated list of application block rules to simplify management and customize application protection SIEM NEW Hyper-efficient, real-time event collection and automated mapping Tenant Administrator NEW Identify at-risk tenants, track billing and renewals, and instantly act on time-sensitive security issues Integrations NEW Integrations allow your business to streamline its security operations. Centralizing threat detection, response, and monitoring within our unified CompassOne platform. Endpoint Detection and Response (EDR) NEW Lightweight, patented technology delivering 24/7 endpoint protection with real-time visibility, threat detection, and response. Solutions Solutions Overview Visibility Across Attack Surface NEW Comprehensive visibility across client environment through a unified, contextual view that enables quicker actions, lowers risk, and delivers measurable results. Prioritize What Matters NEW Correlate vulnerabilities, misconfigurations, and threat activity to determine which issues pose the greatest risk Secure Cloud Identities NEW Protect your cloud identities from attacks due to misconfigurations, policy drift, excessive permissions, and credential theft Scale Security Operations NEW Streamline the entire security lifecycle from asset discovery to threat response with automation, contextual insights, and enhanced efficiency Meet Compliance Requirements NEW Simplified logging and compliance with push button deployment and real-time reporting Improve Cybersecurity Maturity NEW Assess, monitor, and improve cybersecurity maturity with real-time insights and guided, prescriptive actions Why Blackpoint Why Blackpoint Overview Unified Security Posture NEW CompassOne Platform NEW Security Operations Center NEW Dedicated threat hunters and remediators, on call 24/7/365, with unparalleled cybersecurity expertise Adversary Pursuit Group NEW This elite team is armed with real-time threat intel, delivering rapid response and unmatched protection. Managed EDR NEW Using our patented technology and arming our 24/7/365 MDR with context to resolve threats faster. Cloud MDR NEW Expert security monitoring & rapid, context-driven response for your cloud environments. Blackpoint vs Arctic Wolf NEW See why more partners are choosing Blackpoint for a platform that actually fights back. Blackpoint vs Huntress NEW Gain the outcome you need without the complexity, overhead, and hidden costs. Partners Partner Overview NEW Grow Your Business NEW Consolidate Your Stack NEW Provide 24/7 Security Services NEW Company About Blackpoint NEW Success Stories NEW Leadership NEW Media & Press NEW Careers NEW Trust Center NEW Resources Blog Webinars Events Podcasts Datasheets Media & Press View All Resources Threat Intel and Research Real-time threat intelligence, patches, and workarounds into one centralized hub. Success Stories Read success stories of current Blackpoint partners. Request a Demo Partner Login Contact us Request a Demo Platform MDR Integrated Intelligence. Accelerated Response. Integrate contextual intelligence, patented detection logic, and AI-enhanced alerts with our expert 24/7 Security Operations Center, delivering the market’s fastest threat detection and response. See it Live × MDR Challenges CompassOne MDR Key Benefits Integrations MDR Challenges CompassOne MDR Key Benefits Integrations Stop the Security Strain Multiple tools, high costs, and nonstop alerts are overwhelming your team and cutting into margins. Disjointed defenses create gaps and slow you down. CompassOne MDR is the solution. In-house, 24/7 security operations are costly and inefficient Overseeing multiple security products across different customer environments drains your resources and impacts your margins. Disconnected Tools. Disjointed Defense. Managing separate detection and response solutions for cloud, endpoint, and identity creates coverage gaps, increases overhead, and slows down response times. Alert Fatigue Security teams are inundated with a high volume of alerts from multiple tools, many of which require manual intervention. This constant flood of notifications slows response times, increases risk, and leads to burnout among security professionals. Turning Incidents into Intelligence Bridge the gap between reactive and proactive security. Insights from active threat incidents inform future security improvements, like patching specific vulnerabilities across your client base, creating a continuous feedback loop that strengthens your security posture over time. Contextual Approach to Threat Detection Leverage a context-driven approach to identify sophisticated attacks that conventional tools typically miss, reducing false positives and enabling faster response times, while accurately prioritizing threats based on the actual risk to your specific environment. Context-Driven Detection. Human-Led Response. Transform traditionally siloed security monitoring into a unified, context-aware detection and response service. Combined with 24/7 human-led Security Operations Center (SOC), our security analysts identify, investigate, and contain threats before damage is done. Contextual Security By understanding relationships between assets, vulnerabilities, and threats, MDR rapidly identifies legitimate attacks and provides detailed context to security analysts for faster resolution. Human-Led Active Response Blackpoint’s security analysts work around the clock, providing you and your clients with immediate threat containment and response. Comprehensive Security Insights Bridge the gap between reactive and proactive security. Insights from active threat incidents inform future security improvements, creating a continuous feedback loop that strengthens your security posture over time. Unified Endpoint and Cloud Protection Protect both endpoint and cloud environments, eliminating the need for multiple, disjointed tools and services. Prioritized Threat Response Prioritize the alerts that matter, filtering out noise and reducing security analyst overload by delivering high-confidence events and unified context to make accurate real-time threat assessments. Reduced Dwell Time Reduces threat dwell time by combining patented detection logic, AI-enhanced alerts, and human-led response – preventing damage and keeping you operational. Connect seamlessly into your ecosystem Integrations allow your business to streamline its security operations. Centralizing threat detection, response, and monitoring within a unified platform. See all integrations SCALE SECURITY. BUILD TRUST. PROVE OUTCOMES. CompassOne gives MSPs the clarity and control to simplify workflows, protect client environments, and show measurable results. Request a Demo 1-410-203-1604 1099 18th Street, Suite 3050 Denver, CO 80202 USA Platform Security Posture Rating Asset Inventory Cloud Posture MDR Vulnerability Management Application Control LogIC (Streamlined SIEM) Tenant Administrator Integrations EDR Solutions Visibility Across Attack Surface Prioritize What Matters Secure Cloud Identities Scale Security Operations Meet Compliance Requirements Improve Cybersecurity Maturity Why Blackpoint Unified Security Posture CompassOne Platform Security Operations Center Adversary Pursuit Group Managed EDR Cloud MDR Partners Partner Portal Partner Login Company About Blackpoint Success Stories Leadership Media & Press Careers Trust Center Resources Webinars Events Podcasts Datasheets Threat Intelligence and Research FAQs Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions