Cyanre - The Digital Forensics Experts South Africa The Digital Forensic Lab Request Consultation (012) 664-0066 Home About Partners Team Community Involvement Downloads Terms & Conditions Products Hardware Software Services Digital Forensics & Investigations Managed Security Services Open-Source Intelligence (OSINT) Services E-discovery Training Technical Research Blog News Contact DIGITAL FORENSICS We Place Digital Evidence at Your Fingertips ® Cyanre is South Africa’s leading provider of computer and digital forensic services. Request a free consultation or learn more about our services. Contact Us Learn More Cyanre - The Authority on digital forensics in Africa. Cyanre delivers state of the art cyber forensic services through software technologies and procedures that exceed conformities of major law enforcement agencies across the globe. In the news Fraud is a reality in today’s digital world, where financial transactions, business communications, and operations are online. For business leaders, the challenge is preventing and uncovering fraud —mainly when perpetrators use sophisticated tactics to cover their tracks. It’s a growing and expensive threat. There was a 32% increase in fraud incidents reported to the Southern […] Read More AI has revolutionised industries across the board, and cybersecurity and digital forensics are no exception. With cyber threats evolving at an unprecedented pace, AI is both a powerful tool for digital forensics and incident response (DFIR) professionals and a significant enabler of more sophisticated cyberattacks. This dual-edged nature of AI means that DFIR needs to […] Read More When a cybersecurity incident strikes, businesses often focus on the immediate firefight: containing the breach, limiting damage, and restoring operations. Incident response (IR) teams spring into action, executing predefined plans to isolate infected systems and minimise downtime. While this rapid response is critical, it is only the beginning of a much larger process. What happens […] Read More Our Services Digital Forensics Digital Forensics relates to the identification, preservation, analysis and documentation of electronic data for judicial purposes while maintaining data integrity. E-Discovery E-Discovery is the identification, collection, preservation, processing, review, reporting and disclosure of electronic data in regulatory, civil and criminal environments. Open-Source Intelligence (OSINT) Services OSINT refers to intelligence that has been derived from publicly available sources. In short, that means any information that can legally be gathered from free, public sources about an individual or organisation. IT Audits An evaluation of corporate personnel, systems, processes, projects or products. Similarly to accounting, audit concepts also exist and play a precise role in your IT environment. Why choose us? Experience To date personnel of Cyanre has faced five third party experts and have never lost a case in court. Cyanre personnel have testified in 4 High Court Cases, 20-30 Regional and Magistrate courts and countless departmental hearings. Expertise Our employees are globally recognized computer forensic experts and have advanced degrees and qualifications in Computer Science, Applied Hacking, Computer Crime Investigations, and Counter Hacking. Techology Cyanre maintains cutting edge software and hardware and is equipped to investigate any type of computer, operating system, or application/ program. Each person in Cyanre specializes in a different area, ensuring that Cyanre can investigate any type of electronic transgression. Important Information Access, review, and download the latest copies of Cyanre’s operational terms, sales terms, privacy policies, and more: See all downloads More from Cyanre Keep up with the Cyanre pace and learn more about our ever-evolving line of ground breaking digital forensic products, new product features, and national news featuring Cyanre. Subscribe to our monthly newsletter by filling in your name and email address in the boxes to the right. We take privacy seriously – your information will be kept secure and will not be shared with anyone. Newsletter Subscription Email Address First Name Contact us Address: 244 Jean Ave | Norma Jean Square Block 5, Centurion, RSA, 0157 Phone: (012) 664-0066 Email: info@cyanre.co.za Home About Products Services Training Technical Research Blog News Contact Copyright 2025 Cyanre. All rights reserved. Website Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | PAI Manual × Home About Partners Team Community Involvement Downloads Terms & Conditions Products Hardware Software Services Digital Forensics & Investigations Managed Security Services Open-Source Intelligence (OSINT) Services E-discovery Training Technical Research Blog News Contact × What are you looking for? Search for: