Sygnia | Cybersecurity & Incident Response Experts Services Cyber Readiness Posture Assessment Tabletop Exercises Red Teaming Purple Teaming Threat Intel Exposure Monitoring Cyber Response Incident Response Threat Hunt Incident Response Retainer Incident Response and SOC Training Services Managed services Managed Detection and Response (MDR) Solutions Enterprise Solutions AI Security Cloud Security Cyber Physical System Ransomware Readiness M&A Assessment Industry Solutions Crypto Retail Financial Services Healthcare Law Firms Logistics and Transportation ICS Telecom Technology Velocity Threat Detection Investigation and Response (TDIR) Data Integrations Company About Us Story and Values Leadership Our Clients Case studies Careers Open Positions Knowledge Center Resources All Resources Guides and Tools Blog Newsroom Threat Reports and Advisories Webinars I’m under attack Contact us I’m under attack Services Cyber Readiness Posture Assessment Tabletop Exercises Red Teaming Purple Teaming Threat Intel Exposure Monitoring Cyber Response Incident Response Threat Hunt Incident Response Retainer Incident Response and SOC Training Services Managed services Managed Detection and Response (MDR) Solutions Enterprise Solutions AI Security Cloud Security Cyber Physical System Ransomware Readiness M&A Assessment Industry Solutions Crypto Retail Financial Services Healthcare Law Firms Logistics and Transportation ICS Telecom Technology Velocity Threat Detection Investigation and Response (TDIR) Data Integrations Company About Us Story and Values Leadership Our Clients Case studies Careers Open Positions Knowledge Center Resources All Resources Guides and Tools Blog Newsroom Threat Reports and Advisories Webinars CONTACT US Under Attack? Hardening Defenses? Building Resilience? The Only Call You Need to Make "> Protect your enterprise with rapid response to complex threats and continuous TDIR - delivered by world-class experts, precisely matched to your challenge. Speak to Our Experts Gartner Recognized as a Representative Vendor in 2025 Gartner® Market Guide for DFIR Retainer Services Threat Research Fire Ant: A Deep-Dive into Hypervisor-Level Espionage Upcoming Webinar Incident Response in Crypto: Gaps between Perception and Best Practice Trusted by Leading Companies Worldwide BECAUSE WE ARE SYGNIA WE CYBER HARDER! Hi CISO, We know what 2AM feels like. That’s why we’re in the trenches with you. Visit Sygnia at RSA – Booth #1765. Hear real incident war stories, see our capabilities in action, and meet the team that stands ready 24/7. When the pressure is on, we don’t blink. Book a Meeting Focus on Outcomes Cyber Incident Response Defeat attackers and restore your normal business operations with confidence. Sygnia experts contain and eradicate advanced adversaries while coordinating response across IT, OT, and business stakeholders. Key Services Incident Response Incident Response Retainer Incident Response and SOC Training Services Threat Hunting Proactive Cyber Security Build resilience against attacks on your organization. Harness our front-line knowledge of attacker motivations and TTPs to prioritize your security roadmaps, measure resilience gains and shorten discovery windows. Key Services Cyber Posture Assessments Red Team Purple Team Executive & Technical Tabletop exercises Threat Intelligence Exposure Monitoring Continuous Security Constantly reduce the likelihood and impact of cyber-attack. Sygnia MDR, powered by the Velocity TDIR platform, provides complete visibility into your environments and continuous and fast threat detection, investigation and response. Purpose-built by incident responders, Velocity TDIR platform collects, processes and queries vast amounts of data, providing speed and efficiency in threat hunting, threat detection, forensic investigation to support the MDR team, which in turn feeds intelligence to enhance detection and analysis capabilities. This ensures fewer successful attacks, reduced dwell time and fewer material incidents. Key Services Managed Detection and Response 100% Responder-Built, Vendor Agnostic Technology Real-time collection, processing and querying vast amounts of data. No silos, no tool sprawl. Explore Velocity TDIR Proprietary Research Making Waves Worldwide Show All Velvet Ant China-Nexus Threat Group Leverages a Zero-Day to Deploy Malware on Cisco Nexus Switches Read More Emperor Dragonfly Night Sky and Cheerscrypt – A Single Ransomware Group Read More Luna Moth The Threat Actors Behind Recent False Subscription Scams Read More When the Threat Is New, Experience Matters Hear about how we contained a novel attack in 6 hours Let’s Talk Your First Call in Crisis. Your Partner in Calm. CISO Handle the most complex breaches, level up team expertise and prevent future attacks to ensure operational excellence, strategic defense and to protect your personal/legal posture. C-Suite Restore normal business operations and business continuity, reduce TCO and tool sprawl and get clear visibility into business impact, for strategic decision making and crisis management. Board Act decisively during a crisis to minimize business disruption, protect customer trust, measure resilience, improve security posture and meet compliance, to ensure risk mitigation and governance. IT Detect and stop attacker movement across all environments, including IT, OT and blockchain, in a seamless manner and without tool sprawl, before it escalates. Get Your Complimentary Personalized Consultation Speak With an Expert White Glove Service 24/7 responder availability – we know you can’t sleep, so we cyber harder Rapid response SLA ensuring immediate action when seconds matter We operate with a deep familiarity of your specific network and business environment Bespoke engagement model ensures each engagement is tailored to your specific needs and environment Battle-Tested Expertise A global team of experts proven in defeating advanced adversaries across IT, OT, blockchain & telco environments. 500 Clients worldwide, including Fortune 500 and Global 2000 leaders 80 Countries where we’ve led mission-critical cyber engagements 11 Years of elite frontline experience handling the world’s most complex breaches Talk to an Expert Testimonials What Our Clients Say “This kind of trusted relationship helps us move projects forward on time and with great cooperation while also managing the whole program with flexibility. It’s not just about delivery it’s about working as one team.” Ramon Sanchez-Cantalejo Gamino, Cyber Security PMO “We were able to go home after work and not lose sleep. You know you’ve got top-notch people watching your environment.” Matt Boddington, Supervisor Information Security at Oregon Lottery “The team went above and beyond to fulfill the scope of the project when needed while keeping visibility of the process to the company continuously.” IT Security and Risk Management Industry: Banking Company Size: “Long-term relationships and mutual trust create the foundation for success. Working with a partner who understands our challenges over time allows us to move faster, smarter, and with confidence.” Javier Garcia Quintela, Global CISO “Partnering with Sygnia makes us achieve a highly positive impact in our cybersecurity posture, thanks to every project and service that they deliver. They master different IT & Digital-Cloud environments, and also OT.” CISO Industry: Energy and Utilities Company Size: 10B – 30B USD “Sygnia is the Swiss Army Knife of cyber. There is nothing we have asked them to do that they haven’t been able to come back and say, ‘Yes, we’ve got a solution.’” CISO Top 50 Global Law Firm “Sygnia delivered a highly engaging and thought-provoking tabletop simulation that brought cyber resilience to life. Their expertise and structured approach added real-world depth to our classroom discussions.” Dr. Manuel Hepfer, Research Affiliate “What makes Sygnia so impressive is their deep, technical knowledge, attacker perspective, and ability to translate both traits into proactive security enhancement of the client’s business.” CISO Global 2,000 Energy Company Environments Unparalleled Tech Expertise Across Environments AI Security Secure your AI solutions, including models and data, while addressing governance needs Cloud Security Secure your cloud environments and identities, including multi-cloud & hybrid infra, while meeting compliance requirements OT/IT Security Improve security visibility, governance, and resilience across industrial systems, legacy tech & safety-critical environments Industries Tailored Defense for Specialized Industries Telecom Retail Crypto Financial Services Law Firms Healthcare Logistics and Transportation Industrial and Critical Infrastructures See All Industries We Protect Benefit From Stronger compliance posture and board confidence Lower total cost and less tool sprawl through vendor agnostic solutions Reduced risk and minimized downtime Unbiased, outcome driven recommendations Protected brand and customer trust Don’t Wait for the Breach Trusted by global enterprises to confront real-world cyber threats - before they escalate into full-scale crises. Schedule a Strategic Briefing 24/7 Incident Response. We’re already awake. sign up Stay Ahead of the Threat By subscribing, you agree to the use of your information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. We never sell, trade, or share your data with third parties. Company About Join Our Team Leadership Services Know Prepare Simulate Detect Respond & Recover Technologies Velocity TDIR Enterprise Solutions OT Security Cloud Security Ransomware Readiness Knowledge Center Blog Reports and advisories Copyright © 2026 Sygnia Consulting Ltd. All rights reserved. Privacy Terms of use Accessibility