Workbench™ Operations Platform | Expel Skip to content ✕ Not modeled. Not theoretical. Real threat intel from the analysts who lived it. The 2026 Threat Report is here. Read it now Primary Menu Blog Partners Customers Schedule a demo Search for: Primary Menu What we do Services Managed Detection and Response (MDR) Tailored solutions for any size org offering 24×7 protection Phishing Investigation and response for your phishing inbox Threat hunting Hypothesis-based activity hunting Plans & Packages Choose the MDR bundle that’s right for you Our tech Workbench™ Operations Platform The SOC’s digital command center AI & automation engine Enable our experts to stop real threats, faster Security data lake Lower your storage costs while staying ahead of threats Tech Integrations Make your technology work harder Why Expel? Proof points Why Expel? Learn why leading organizations choose Expel for MDR Our customers Real results from real customers across every industry Forrester Wave Leader in MDR services Q1 2025 How it works 24x7 Security Operations World-class service delivered by the experts SOC experts We protect your environment just as we protect our own Auto remediation We stop threats before they stop you Detection Coverage Detect threats that slip between gaps in your tools Expel Intel Cybersecurity intelligence, threat data, and research Coverage Attack surface Cloud Email Endpoint Identity Network SaaS Environment use cases Amazon Web Services (AWS) Google Cloud Kubernetes Microsoft Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) SIEM Tech integrations Resources Resource Center Briefs & Datasheets Case studies ebooks & Whitepapers Podcasts Reports Tools Videos Webinars View all resources Knowledge Center Blogs Cyberspeak glossary Featured Forrester Wave Gartner® Market Guide for MDR Expel's 2026 Annual Threat Report Transforms real-life cybersecurity lessons into actionable insights for security operators Company About Expel About Us Careers Equity, Inclusion & Diversity In the news Newsroom News Press releases Partners Partner Program Incident Response Find a partner Plans & Packages Contact sales Search for: What we do Services Managed Detection and Response (MDR) Tailored solutions for any size org offering 24×7 protection Phishing Investigation and response for your phishing inbox Threat hunting Hypothesis-based activity hunting Plans & Packages Choose the MDR bundle that’s right for you Our tech Workbench™ Operations Platform The SOC’s digital command center AI & automation engine Enable our experts to stop real threats, faster Security data lake Lower your storage costs while staying ahead of threats Tech Integrations Make your technology work harder Why Expel? Proof points Why Expel? Learn why leading organizations choose Expel for MDR Our customers Real results from real customers across every industry Forrester Wave Leader in MDR services Q1 2025 How it works 24x7 Security Operations World-class service delivered by the experts SOC experts We protect your environment just as we protect our own Auto remediation We stop threats before they stop you Detection Coverage Detect threats that slip between gaps in your tools Expel Intel Cybersecurity intelligence, threat data, and research Coverage Attack surface Cloud Email Endpoint Identity Network SaaS Environment use cases Amazon Web Services (AWS) Google Cloud Kubernetes Microsoft Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) SIEM Tech integrations Resources Resource Center Briefs & Datasheets Case studies ebooks & Whitepapers Podcasts Reports Tools Videos Webinars View all resources Knowledge Center Blogs Cyberspeak glossary Featured Forrester Wave Gartner® Market Guide for MDR Expel's 2026 Annual Threat Report Transforms real-life cybersecurity lessons into actionable insights for security operators Company About Expel About Us Careers Equity, Inclusion & Diversity In the news Newsroom News Press releases Partners Partner Program Incident Response Find a partner Plans & Packages Contact sales EXPEL SECOPS PLATFORM AI AND AUTOMATION Our SOC’s digital command center Our analysts use the AI-powered Expel Workbench™ to work more efficiently and silence the noise. The result: industry-leading MTTX numbers. Watch a demo View MDR packages EXPEL’S SECURITY OPERATIONS PLATFORM You bring the tech. We’ll bring the results. We unlock your security tools with Expel Workbench™ platform with built-in AI and automation that connects your tech and our experts for faster decisions and better outcomes. WHAT WE USE Our security platform that powers your security outcomes Workbench fuels our analyst with the speed and intelligence needed to deliver exceptional results, while you have a front-row seat to the action. Technology Agnostic Expel MDR integrates with your tools, correlates signals, and applies the threat intel custom detections, and org context to uncover threats others miss. Better, Faster Outcomes Our automation and AI filters out false positives and enriches threat details with the crucial context to make our analysts more focused and efficient. It’s the perfect “anti-burnout” SecOps platform. Transparent You’ll have full access to Workbench so you can see everything we do for you, 24×7. View the full audit trail, collaborate with us in real-time, and see your measurable improvement. WHAT WE PROTECT Secure everywhere. No blind spots, no compromises. Workbench connects to your entire tech stack, providing complete visibility and defense. Expel-written detections cover you from your endpoints to the cloud, including between your point solutions. View all integrations Next-Level MTTX We’ve redefined MDR benchmarks The numbers don’t lie. Workbench enables our SOC to deliver outcomes, faster. 14 minute MTTR on critical/high incidents with auto-remediation 160 + integrations across ten attack surfaces 87 % MTTR reduction with auto-remediation 75 customer NPS AI-powered efficiency AI and automation designed for the “human moment” Expel Workbench uses AI and automation to provide SOC analysts with all the data and context they need for faster investigations, enabling faster answers and more time to collaborate with you. Learn more about AI & automation Strategize Expel’s automation instantly provides critical decision support and filters out the noise so we focus on true threats Collect Evidence APIs allow easy query capabilities across a broad tech stack without the need for manual pivots Analyze Analysts can easily aggregate data with the full context of your environment, helping answer the necessary investigative questions Report Expert written incident reports provide a clear picture of what occurred and what was done to remediate the threat WHAT OTHERS SAY Here’s what our customers have to say "Every provider makes big claims but they can’t back them up. With Expel, I have access to Expel Workbench™ and can log in any time I want to see what analysts are working on, how they’re handling a particular alert, and what’s in the queue. Expel’s model is basically the next big thing, but the industry doesn’t know it yet." Sr. IT Security Manager Our Results See transparently into what we’re doing and how we do it. "One major benefit of working with Expel is that I can use whatever security tools I want. Most legacy MSSPs require you to work with certain tech or purchase new tech in order to work with them. I appreciate that I had the flexibility to select whatever tech worked best for my org as opposed to what was convenient for the provider." Bob Genchi VP, IT and Security Our Results We help you maximize your existing security investments. "[Expel Workbench™] allows security analysts to follow investigations in real time, see every action taken, and communicate seamlessly with the Expel team. Shared information makes us all better, and the platform facilitates that in a way I never saw before." Michael Darling Senior Director of Information Security Our Results Collaborate directly with the SOC in real-time. Ready to take the next steps with Expel MDR? See Expel in action on-demand, or explore our MDR packages. Watch a demo View MDR packages 12950 Worldgate Drive, Suite 200 Herndon, VA 20170 (844) 397-3524 Why Expel Why Expel? Tech integrations Customers Plans & Packages Services & Platform Managed Detection and Response (MDR) Phishing detection & prevention Threat Hunting 24×7 Security Operations AI & Automation Engine Meet the SOC experts Workbench™ Operations Platform Company About us Equity, Inclusion & Diversity Careers Newsroom Resources Blog Webinars Cyberspeak glossary Expel Intel Solutions Security data lake Cloud Email Endpoint Identity Network SaaS SIEM Amazon Web Services (AWS) Google Cloud Kubernetes Microsoft Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) Also of Interest Security Operations Platform Navigation Upgrades Security Event Transparency and Detection Insights Integrating AI Automation Into MDR Foundations Privacy | Compliance | Terms | EMEA Reseller Customer Terms | North America Reseller Customer Terms | System Status © 2026 Expel, Inc. All Rights Reserved