AI SOC Platform with Agentic AI SOC Analyst | Prophet Security Product Product Agentic AI SOC Platform AI SOC Analyst AI Threat Hunter Integrations Use Cases Endpoint Email Identity Cloud Customers Resources Featured Blog MTTR Reduction Guide: Practical Steps to Sub-2-Minute Investigations Learn Videos Events Whitepapers & eBooks Case Studies Webinars Podcast Whitepapers & eBooks View all resources Articles What is an Agentic SOC? AI-driven Alert Investigation Top 5 AI SOC Analyst Platforms 9 Advantages of AI SOC Analysts What is Agentic Security? MDR vs. Agentic AI SOC Analyst Agentic AI vs Security Copilot What is an Agentic AI SOC Analyst? SOC Metrics & KPIs that Matter AI SOC Adoption Trends Why Prophet AI Company Company About us Partners Careers Press Blog Request a Demo Prophet Security will be at RSA 2026. Stop by the booth or meet us 1:1. Learn More Agentic AI SOC Platform Triage, investigate, and respond to alerts with unparalleled speed and precision while empowering your analysts to focus on real threats Request a Demo When was initial access? Trusted by leading innovators: Awards and Recognition Autonomous Cybersecurity Platform of the Year Redpoint InfraRed 100 Madrona Intelligent Applications CYBER60 Early Stage Category Accel Globalscape Top 100 Company USA Triaging, investigating, and Responding to Alerts is Broken Alert Fatigue You're inundated with alerts, beyond capacity for triage Missed Detections You throttle detections to match capacity High Cost It takes 15 minutes - 2 hours to investigate a single alert Low Morale Manual, repetitive tasks lead to burnout and attrition Failed Automation SOAR tools are complex to implement and maintain Meanwhile, attackers are rapidly weaponizing AI and outpacing defenses The Result Critical alerts are missed or investigated late, increasing risk BUT THATS ABOUT TO CHANGE Meet Prophet AI SOC Analyst Cut investigation time by 90%, increase analyst efficiency, and reduce time spent on low-value work. 01 Plans Instantly summarizes alerts and dynamically builds an investigation plan Learn more 02 Investigates Emulates expert analysts, autonomously retrieves, correlates, and analyzes data across sources Learn more 03 Responds Determines severity, prioritizes alerts, provides remediation steps, and integrates with your workflows. Learn more 04 Adapts Learns from analyst feedback and continouosly adjusts to your environment. Learn more 01 Plans Instantly summarizes alerts and dynamically builds an investigation plan Learn more 02 Investigates Emulates expert analysts, autonomously retrieves, correlates, and analyzes data across sources Learn more 03 Responds Determines severity, prioritizes alerts, provides remediation steps, and integrates with your workflows. Learn more 04 Adapts Learns from analyst feedback and continouosly adjusts to your environment. Learn more Request a Demo Customer Love How security operations teams use Prophet AI as a force multiplier "Prophet AI cut our alert queue from thousands to dozens. It’s a force multiplier that removes investigation bottlenecks, improves analyst focus, and helps us respond to real threats faster." Erik Wille CISO, Cabinetworks "Prophet AI cut our alert queue from thousands to dozens. It’s a force multiplier that removes investigation bottlenecks, improves analyst focus, and helps us respond to real threats faster." Erik Wille CISO, Cabinetworks 10x Increase in SOC throughput "Prophet AI has improved our SecOps by consistently triaging and investigating alerts across all severities. It delivers the efficiency of a team 5x our size, eliminating backlogs and strengthening our security posture." Steve Lukose CISO, Clari "Prophet AI has improved our SecOps by consistently triaging and investigating alerts across all severities. It delivers the efficiency of a team 5x our size, eliminating backlogs and strengthening our security posture." Steve Lukose CISO, Clari 5x Increase in SOC efficiency "Prophet Security gives our SOC superpowers. It helps us move faster, stay efficient with fewer resources, and gives us full visibility into how every decision is made." Benjamin Goddard Head of Security, Spotnana "Prophet Security gives our SOC superpowers. It helps us move faster, stay efficient with fewer resources, and gives us full visibility into how every decision is made." Benjamin Goddard Head of Security, Spotnana 90% Reduction in mean time to investigate and respond "Security analysts spend an inordinate amount of time piecing together parts of a puzzle during an incident. Prophet AI enriches alerts with the contextual data we need in minutes and significantly speeds up our investigation process." Ashish Patel Head of Security, Zip "Security analysts spend an inordinate amount of time piecing together parts of a puzzle during an incident. Prophet AI enriches alerts with the contextual data we need in minutes and significantly speeds up our investigation process." Ashish Patel Head of Security, Zip 75% Faster triage and investigation “Prophet AI scales our security operations by delivering the depth, quality, and consistency of a human investigation across 100% of our alert volume.” Gourav Nagar Head of Information Security & IT “Prophet AI scales our security operations by delivering the depth, quality, and consistency of a human investigation across 100% of our alert volume.” Gourav Nagar Head of Information Security & IT 100% Alert Coverage Across All Severities "Evaluating and implementing Prophet AI was a seamless experience. The depth and quality of the investigations helps us get to the root cause of potential security issues quickly." Senior Security Engineer “The product is very intuitive to use and fast and easy to deploy. They have numerous integrations across our technology stack and the team is very knowledgable and responsive. Chief Information Security Officer - Software Integrations That Simply Work See all integrations What Security Leaders Say " Prophet AI cut our alert queue from thousands to dozens. It’s a force multiplier that removes investigation bottlenecks, improves analyst focus, and helps us respond to real threats faster. " Erik Wille CISO at Cabinetworks " Security analysts spend an inordinate amount of time piecing together parts of a puzzle during an incident. Prophet AI enriches alerts with the contextual data we need in minutes and significantly speeds up our investigation process. " Ashish Patel Senior Security Engineer at Zip " Prophet AI has improved our SecOps by consistently investigating alerts across all severities. It delivers the efficiency of a team 5x our size, eliminating backlogs and strengthening our security posture. " Steve Lukose CISO at Clari " Security analysts spend an inordinate amount of time piecing together parts of a puzzle during an incident. With the power of contextual analysis and generative AI, Prophet drastically reduces the analysis time. " Ashish Popli CISO at Spotnana " Many security operations teams suffer with high alert volume, manual processes and siloed data sources. Prophet's innovative approach solves these challenges head on. " David Tsao CISO at Instacart " Triaging and investigating alerts is a painful and costly problem. Prophet Security is a force multiplier for security teams that effectively eliminate these hurdles. " Jon Hencinski Former Senior Director of Cybersecurity, Workday " Prophet AI cut our alert queue from thousands to dozens. It’s a force multiplier that removes investigation bottlenecks, improves analyst focus, and helps us respond to real threats faster. " Erik Wille CISO at Cabinetworks " Security analysts spend an inordinate amount of time piecing together parts of a puzzle during an incident. Prophet AI enriches alerts with the contextual data we need in minutes and significantly speeds up our investigation process. " Ashish Patel Senior Security Engineer at Zip " Prophet AI has improved our SecOps by consistently investigating alerts across all severities. It delivers the efficiency of a team 5x our size, eliminating backlogs and strengthening our security posture. " Steve Lukose CISO at Clari " Security analysts spend an inordinate amount of time piecing together parts of a puzzle during an incident. With the power of contextual analysis and generative AI, Prophet drastically reduces the analysis time. " Ashish Popli CISO at Spotnana " Many security operations teams suffer with high alert volume, manual processes and siloed data sources. Prophet's innovative approach solves these challenges head on. " David Tsao CISO at Instacart " Triaging and investigating alerts is a painful and costly problem. Prophet Security is a force multiplier for security teams that effectively eliminate these hurdles. " Jon Hencinski Former Senior Director of Cybersecurity, Workday Read more Unlock the benefits of Prophet AI Lower MTTR Empower analysts to respond to alerts 10X faster Lower risk Focus on high priority alerts to deliver better security Higher impact Reduce manual tasks and achieve more with less High ROI Maximize the value of your existing security tools The Prophet Advantage Protects your data Your data is never used to train or fine tune LLMs, preventing data leakage Not a black box Provides visibility into investigation plan and all the evidence for review and feedback Integrates seamlessly Works hand-in-glove with your security and collaboration tools, and existing workflows Frequently Asked Questions What is Prophet AI and how does it help a Security Operations Center? Prophet AI is an agentic AI SOC analyst platform that autonomously triages and investigates alerts. It gathers evidence across your stack, reasons about context, and explains each decision so analysts resolve alerts faster and with less manual work. How fast can Prophet AI investigate an alert? Prophet AI investigates alerts in under 3 minutes versus the 30-minutes baseline many teams report, cutting mean time to investigate by more than 90%. Is customer data used to train Prophet AI model? No. Prophet AI does not use customer data to train Gen AI models and Prophet AI's single tenant architecture ensures no data co-mingling across customer, further ensuring maximum privacy and data security. How do I measure return on investment (ROI) of Prophet AI Track alert dwell time, mean time to investigate, and mean time to resolve before and after rollout. Customers typically see a five to ten times productivity gain and cost savings in analyst hours. Experience an AI-Powered SOC firsthand See how Prophet AI SOC Platform transforms the way your team works. Request a Demo SOC 2 Type 2 Compliant Company About us Why Prophet Careers Partners Press Product How it works Integrations Use Cases Cloud Threat Hunting Endpoint Phishing Identity Resources Blog Videos Events Reports & ebooks Find us on © 2025 Prophet Security, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy