Get 24/7 Protection with Managed Detection - Palo Alto Networks Industry Validation Products Solutions Blog Resources Get In Touch Request a Demo Search All Tech Docs THE THE AGENTIC SOC SUMMIT Watch now inherit unit42 cortex cortex INTRODUCING Managed XSIAM 2.0 24/7 managed SOC built for tomorrow’s threats. See what's new Read the blog inherit unit42 cortex cortex Unit 42: A Leader in MDR, Again Frost Radar™: Global Managed Detection and Response Market, 2025 See why we lead Read the blog inherit unit42 cortex cortex WEBINAR SERIES CORTEX The Bold Evolution of Cortex XDR Episode 3 Watch now inherit unit42 cortex cortex Prev Next WHY IT MATTERS Security teams are challenged to keep up with the evolving threat landscape while also trying to be proactive. The attack surface is expanding and threats are becoming more sophisticated. Complex investigations can delay response and result in increased attacker dwell times or missed attacks. Security teams need help managing an endless backlog of alerts. Constant firefighting and reacting to competing priorities leaves little time for strategic initiatives or to hunt for new threats. Organizations can’t hire and retain the seasoned analysts and threat hunters they need. This is exacerbated by a proliferation of security tools that are increasing complexity. Boost your security operations capabilities with managed detection and response (MDR). Learn more Unit 42 MDR built on Cortex XDR gives you a head start against cyberthreats. Read the blog MANAGED DETECTION AND RESPONSE Unit 42 MDR built on Cortex XDR offers superior detection and response Rapidly increase your cyber defenses with 24/7 monitoring, expertise, threat hunting and remediation. Cortex XDR gives MDR analysts an advantage by automating data collection across endpoint, network and cloud, providing the critical insight and context needed to block attacks before they can impact your organization. You can start with managed endpoint detection and response and expand coverage over time for additional protection. Learn more Threat detection and response 24/7 monitoring and triage Expert security analysis Proactive threat hunting Guided remediation Unit 42 MDR Extend Your Team with Unit 42 Experts Palo Alto Networks Unit 42 ® experts work for you to detect and respond to cyberattacks, allowing your team to scale fast and focus on what matters most. Enriched with World-Class Threat Intelligence Unit 42 analysts take advantage of extensive telemetry and threat intelligence from over 10 years of malware analysis experience, 30M+ new samples and 500B daily events to provide you with the most up-to-date protection. Backed by Unit 42 Expertise With more than 200 analysts, researchers and engineers, Unit 42 is trusted by global CISOs. Unit 42’s seasoned analysts apply in-depth threat hunting and forensics knowledge to identify and contain threats before they become a breach. Modeled after the Palo Alto Networks SOC Combining proven processes, infrastructure and automation from the SOC protecting the largest security company in the world, with our deep knowledge of XDR, we’ll rapidly respond to sophisticated threats. Video Watch how Unit 42 MDR supercharges your defenses Watch now watch how unit 42 mdr supercharges your defenses Why Choose Unit 42 MDR? Unit 42 has an experienced team of security analysts and consultants who have handled some of the largest cyberattacks in history. Our team of seasoned theat hunters, Cortex XDR experts and experts in threat intelligence will partner with your team to quickly identify and stop malicious activity most likely to impact your organization. Layers of Expertise and Protection Giving you Confidence, 24/7 World-class security experts will continually monitor your Cortex XDR environment for threats 24/7/365 as well as proactively hunt for emerging threats across your infrastructure. Accelerated Response and Remediation Proprietary automations and processes will drive more accurate response and faster remediation. Reduced Alert Fatigue Unit 42 can manage critical alerts – including endpoint, network and cloud alerts – from a single pane of glass. We can handle the alert triage and investigation so your team can focus on other, more strategic initiatives. Improved Security Posture See immediate value with cyber hygiene reports with customized guidance on how to strengthen your security posture. Learn more Video Hear directly from Enloe Medical Center, a healthcare facility in California, about how they partnered with Palo Alto Networks to strengthen their security posture and improve efficiency with Unit 42 MDR. hear directly from enloe medical center, a healthcare facility in california, about how they partnered with palo alto networks to strengthen their security posture and improve efficiency with unit 42 mdr. Beyond Unit 42: XMDR Managed Service Partners Our certified XMDR (Extended Managed Detection and Response) partners include select Managed Security Service Partners (MSSPs) who have undergone advanced specializations and demonstrated world-class expertise in Cortex XDR. With a strong theatre or global presence, they provide proactive, always-on services to secure your organization. Find an XMDR Managed Service Partner Featured Resources See all documents Threat Vector Investigates Frontline Adversary Insights to Defend Your Organization Watch now WHITEPAPER Modernize Your SOC with NEC XON & Palo Alto Networks Download WEBINAR Mythbusting MDR Watch now INTERACTIVE PAGE MITRE Engenuity ATT&CK ® Evaluations Dashboard Explore Now CASE STUDY Enloe Medical Center strengthens its security posture and improves efficiency with Unit 42 Managed Detection and Response (MDR) Read DATASHEET Unit 42 MDR Datasheet Read DATASHEET Cortex XDR Datasheet Download Community LIVEcommunity: Connect, share and get the latest product information Join today Prev Next See all documents Get the latest news, invites to events, and threat alerts Enter your email now to subscribe! Sign up By submitting this form, I understand my personal data will be processed in accordance with Palo Alto Networks Privacy Statement and Terms of Use. Sign up Products and Services AI-Powered Network Security Platform Secure AI by Design Prisma AIRS AI Access Security Cloud Delivered Security Services Advanced Threat Prevention Advanced URL Filtering Advanced WildFire Advanced DNS Security Enterprise Data Loss Prevention Enterprise IoT Security Medical IoT Security Industrial OT Security SaaS Security Next-Generation Firewalls Hardware Firewalls Software Firewalls Strata Cloud Manager SD-WAN for NGFW PAN-OS Panorama Secure Access Service Edge Prisma SASE Application Acceleration Autonomous Digital Experience Management Enterprise DLP Prisma Access Prisma Browser Prisma SD-WAN Remote Browser Isolation SaaS Security AI-Driven Security Operations Platform Cloud Security Cortex Cloud Application Security Cloud Posture Security Cloud Runtime Security Prisma Cloud AI-Driven SOC Cortex XSIAM Cortex XDR Cortex XSOAR Cortex Xpanse Unit 42 Managed Detection & Response Managed XSIAM Threat Intel and Incident Response Services Proactive Assessments Incident Response Transform Your Security Strategy Discover Threat Intelligence Company About Us Careers Contact Us Corporate Responsibility Customers Investor Relations Location Newsroom Popular Links Blog Communities Content Library Cyberpedia Event Center Manage Email Preferences Products A-Z Product Certifications Report a Vulnerability Sitemap Tech Docs Unit 42 Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Privacy Trust Center Terms of Use Documents Copyright © 2026 Palo Alto Networks. All Rights Reserved EN Select your language