NCC Group | Leading Cyber Security & Managed Services Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to footer NCC Group Menu Services Open sub menu for Services Incident Response Incident Response Incident Readiness Cyber Incident Response Management Incident Response Recovery Cyber Incident Response Retainer Technical Assurance Technical Assurance Penetration Testing Services Social Engineering Prevention Application Security Attack Simulation Hardware & Embedded Services Network Infrastructure, Architecture & Container Security Cloud Security Services Cryptography & Encryption Blockchain Security Cyber Services Portal Managed Services Managed Services Managed Extended Detection & Response (MXDR) Network Detection & Response for OT Vulnerability Scanning & Management Bug Bounty & Vulnerability Disclosure Services Attack Surface Management Unified Cyber Platform Consulting & Implementation Consulting & Implementation Identity & Access Management Operational Technology People: Training & Awareness Strategy, Risk & Compliance Project & Program Management Threat Intelligence Threat Intelligence Online Exposure Monitoring Digital Footprint Review Escode Escode Software Escrow SaaS Escrow Escrow Agreements Escrow Verifications Solutions Open sub menu for Solutions Artificial Intelligence Cloud & Digital Transformation Compliance & Regulations Continuous Offensive Security Digital Identity Mergers & Acquisitions Due Diligence Sectors Open sub menu for Sectors Financial Services Sector Legal & Professional Services Retail & Consumer Markets Public Sector & Government Services Transport Services Technology, Media & Telecommunications Services Energy & Utilities Services Manufacturing Services Health Services Resources Open sub menu for Resources Newsroom Resource Hub Our Research Case Studies Cyber Threat Intelligence Reports Global Cyber Policy Radar Supply Chain Security Report About Us Open sub menu for About Us Celebrating 25 years and beyond About us Our Values Global Policy Advocacy Office Locations Sustainability Investor Relations Careers Contact Us Search Client login Open sub menu for Customer Portals Managed Services Unified Cyber Platform (UCP) Cyber Services Portal Managed Scanning Customer Portal Escrow View Escrow Connect Enter a search term ​ People powered, tech-enabled cyber resilience We are a global cyber security company trusted by the world's leading companies and Governments to help create a more secure digital future. Get in touch Business update NCC Group announces the sale of its Escode business See More Report Global Cyber Policy radar - latest regulatory insights See More Analyst recognition European Cyber Consulting: NCC Group named 'Strong Performer' by Forrester See More 24/7 Incident Response Hotline Close Under attack? Call our 24/7 Incident Response Hotline now Get in touch with an accredited Incident Response expert who can get your organisation back in control, and back to business. +44 331 630 0690 *For the regular switchboard please contact +44 161 209 5200 . Verified. Accredited. Certified. Trusted. NCC Group supports the cyber security of the UK by participating in the NCSC’s Industry 100 Programme About us For over 25 years, we’ve been trusted by the world’s leading companies and Governments to help them manage risk, strengthen resilience, and build lasting trust. Against a backdrop of continued, fast-paced technological change and increasing interconnectedness, we help companies face the future with confidence. It’s the people that make NCC Group exceptional: our phenomenal global network of over 2,000 colleagues works together with clients, partners, and the cyber industry to create a more secure digital future. Explore our end-to-end cyber security capabilities For decades, NCC Group's insight, intelligence, and innovation has fueled cutting-edge cyber solutions that help organizations around the world to be confident in their cyber resilience and protect their business. Digital Forensics & Incident Response Close Minimize business disruption from cyber attacks through our comprehensive incident readiness services, real-time crisis management, and post-incident recovery guidance. Read more Technical Assurance Services Close Leverage our technical experts to assess the security of your applications, hardware, networks, and infrastructure, pinpointing vulnerabilities and mitigate risks. Read more Managed Services Close Augment, outsource, or optimize your cyber security program with 24/7/365 monitoring and security process management performed by our experts. Read more Consulting & Implementation Close Strengthen your cyber security posture with NCC Group's deep advisory expertise and hands-on implementation of preventative controls. Read more Threat Intelligence Close We deliver actionable intelligence and insights on advanced cyber threats and adversaries so you can predict, prevent, detect, and respond. Read more Latest Insights Article NYDFS NYCRR Part 500: Our Guide to Cyber Security Compliance and Assessments Read more Article AI-Driven Zero Trust: Rethinking Security Architecture for the Agentic Era Read more Webinars Emerging Trends in OT: Staying Ahead of Cyber Threats in 2026 Read more Article Protecting Public Services: How UK Councils Can Build Cyber Resilience at Pace Read more Press Release NCC Group and Cytix - combining human‑led offensive security with AI change intelligence to keep pace with modern software development Read more Case Studies Case Study: Strengthening Cyber Resilience for an Australian Rail Organization Read more Press Release NCC Group publishes its Annual Cyber Security Research Report 2025 highlighting breakthroughs across AI security, cryptography and cyber-physical risk Read more Press Release NCC Group Monthly Threat Pulse – Review of January 2026 Read more Events NCC Group Sponsors Tech Talks at CYBERUK 2026 Read more Article Securing Agentic AI: What OpenClaw gets wrong and how to do it right Read more Article AI, cyber security and the reality behind the headlines Read more Government Affairs NCC Group gives evidence to Parliament on the Cyber Security and Resilience Bill Read more Previous slide "> Next slide Our work with customers TikTok looked for two factors when choosing our third party security provider. Reputation, and European footprint. NCC Group is the best we could find, the best provider anyone could work with. Our meetings with national cyber security authorities have confirmed that we chose well! Former Vice President for Government Relations and Public Policy for Europe Read the case study NCC Group stands at the forefront of the cyber security domain. Their exceptional technical expertise and capabilities instil confidence in their ability to deliver customised, comprehensive security solutions and proactive risk mitigation. As our world becomes more interconnected, their partnership is invaluable. Steve Knibbs Head of VBSE Read the case study Thanks to NCC Group’s swift response and support, we were able to contain the threat and quickly resume normal operations, while improving resilience for the future. The incident underscored the importance of preparedness and having the right team on standby in the event of a breach. Nadeem Raza CEO Read the case study NCC Group's reputation as an industry leader in application security testing and reviews provides us with a stamp of approval that our architecture is hardened against even the most sophisticated of attacks. This will position MPCH's solution as the most security-conscious key storage and management solution in the marketplace at a time the sector is experiencing a high volume of attacks. Read the case study NCC Group acted as an independent, trusted advisor and assessed the potential security vulnerabilities of the solution to give us peace of mind that the security was sound. Phil Jones Head of Payment Security, Barclaycard, payment partners of TfL Read the case study The assessment has since replaced our previous existing forensics processes. Comparatively, I am significantly more comfortable and confident in our forensics procedure than I previously was. We faced no challenges during the engagement with NCC Group, the process went smoothly despite being fully remote. The team's productivity and ability to capture data has significantly improved and have also vastly enhanced their knowledge of forensic processes. Chief Information Security Officer Read the case study " id="js-te-right"> Next slide Previous slide View all case studies Our partnership & alliance ecosystem We maintain a diverse network of partners and strategic alliances to optimize our cyber security solutions, adapt seamlessly to your unique business needs, and support innovation and progress within the industry. Partner with us It's a new era of cyber risk. Defy it with NCC Group. In today's ever-evolving threat landscape, understanding the risks your organization and customers are exposed to is more important than ever. Take the next step to bolster your defenses and raise your security maturity to a new level. Our global experts are here to help you answer your most pressing cyber security questions. Get in touch Terms and Conditions Data Privacy Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Global Vulnerability Disclosure Policy Contact Us Technical Assurance Consulting & Implementation Managed Services Incident Response Threat Intelligence Get in Touch UK & Europe +44 (0) 161 209 5200 U.S. & Canada +1 (800) 813 3523 APAC +61 (0) 2 9552 4451 24/7 Incident Response Hotline +44 331 630 0690 © NCC Group 2026. All rights reserved.