Managed Detection and Response (MDR) | Arctic Wolf Search Experienced a Breach? Contact Us Blog EN EN-GB ( United Kingdom ) FR ( Français ) DE ( Deutsch ) Dansk ( Danish ) Nederlands ( Dutch ) Suomi ( Finnish ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) Norsk ( Norwegian ) Svenska ( Swedish ) EN-AU ( Australia ) Español ( Spanish ) EN EN-GB ( United Kingdom ) FR ( Français ) DE ( Deutsch ) Dansk ( Danish ) Nederlands ( Dutch ) Suomi ( Finnish ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) Norsk ( Norwegian ) Svenska ( Swedish ) EN-AU ( Australia ) Español ( Spanish ) Platform Platform How It Works Delivering security operations outcomes. Aurora Platform Collect, enrich, and analyze security data at scale. Alpha AI Leverage the power of scale and AI expertise. Platform Integrations Ecosystem integrations and technology partnerships. Concierge Concierge Delivery Model Tailored security expertise and guided risk mitigation. Arctic Wolf Security Teams Security experts proactively protecting you 24×7. Go Inside Our SOC Meet the security experts working alongside you and your team. Incident Response In Action Learn how our IR team stops attacks and swiftly restores your organization to pre-incident operations. Journey Security Journey Build a resilient business by embracing Security Operations. Cyber Resilience Assessment Map your security posture against industry standard frameworks. EN EN-GB ( United Kingdom ) FR ( Français ) DE ( Deutsch ) Dansk ( Danish ) Nederlands ( Dutch ) Suomi ( Finnish ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) Norsk ( Norwegian ) Svenska ( Swedish ) EN-AU ( Australia ) Español ( Spanish ) Ready to get started? Request a Demo Solutions Reduce Attack Frequency Incident360 Retainer Receive end-to-end IR coverage for one incident, no matter the incident type. Managed Security Awareness ® Engage and prepare employees to recognize and neutralize social engineering attacks. Managed Risk Discover, assess, and harden your environment against digital risks. Reduce Attack Severity Aurora Endpoint Security AI-driven prevention, detection, and response to stop endpoint threats before they disrupt your business. Managed Detection and Response Quickly detect, respond, and recover from advanced threats. Incident Response Recover quickly from cyber attacks and breaches, from threat containment to business restoration. Experienced a Breach? Transfer Risk Security Operations Warranty Stay covered at no cost with up to $3M in financial assistance for cybersecurity incidents. Cyber Insurance Increase the likelihood of insurability, and potentially lower your rates. Cyber JumpStart Access a complimentary suite of tools to reduce risk and improve insurability. Get Started View All Arctic Wolf Solutions Explore Arctic Wolf Bundles EN EN-GB ( United Kingdom ) FR ( Français ) DE ( Deutsch ) Dansk ( Danish ) Nederlands ( Dutch ) Suomi ( Finnish ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) Norsk ( Norwegian ) Svenska ( Swedish ) EN-AU ( Australia ) Español ( Spanish ) Ready to get started? Request a Demo Why Arctic Wolf Why Arctic Wolf Industry Analysis Awards & Recognition Customer Perspectives Security Operations Warranty Arctic Wolf Labs Expertise by Topic Compliance Solutions Ransomware Explained Incident Response Timelines Ransomware Attack & Containment Business Email Compromise Expertise by Industry Financial Services Healthcare State & Local Government Manufacturing Legal View All EN EN-GB ( United Kingdom ) FR ( Français ) DE ( Deutsch ) Dansk ( Danish ) Nederlands ( Dutch ) Suomi ( Finnish ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) Norsk ( Norwegian ) Svenska ( Swedish ) EN-AU ( Australia ) Español ( Spanish ) Ready to get started? Request a Demo Resources Resource Center Blog Case Studies Events Analyst Reports Webinars Interactive Tools Podcasts Glossary Technical Videos View All Trending Resources 2025 Arctic Wolf Threat Report The Arctic Wolf Threat Report draws upon the first-hand experience of our security experts, augmented by research from our threat intelligence team. The Arctic Wolf State of Cybersecurity: 2025 Trends Report The Arctic Wolf State of Cybersecurity: 2025 Trends Report serves as an opportunity for decision makers to share their experiences over the past 12 months and their perspectives on some of the most important issues shaping the IT and security landscape. Aurora: A New Dawn For Cybersecurity Join Arctic Wolf on an interactive journey to discover a better path past the hazards of the modern threat landscape. View All Resources Security Bulletins March 2, 2026 Heightened Cyber Risk Following February 2026 U.S./Israel–Iran Escalation February 28, 2026 CVE-2026-27825: Critical Unauthenticated RCE and SSRF in mcp-atlassian February 26, 2026 Beyond the Bug: Why Cybersecurity Still Matters Even If AI Improves Secure Development VIEW ALL View All Bulletins EN EN-GB ( United Kingdom ) FR ( Français ) DE ( Deutsch ) Dansk ( Danish ) Nederlands ( Dutch ) Suomi ( Finnish ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) Norsk ( Norwegian ) Svenska ( Swedish ) EN-AU ( Australia ) Español ( Spanish ) Ready to get started? Request a Demo Partners Partners Solution Providers Helping Solution Providers scale their business with a comprehensive portfolio of products and services. Cyber Insurance Providers Arctic Wolf provides the Insurance Partner Program for Brokers and Carriers to support them within the Cyber JumpStart portal. Technology Alliance Partners Ecosystem integrations and technology partnerships. Managed Service Providers Grow your business and solve your customers’ cybersecurity challenges with industry-leading turnkey security operations. OEM Solutions Arctic Wolf OEM Solutions enable ISVs, MSSPs, U.S. Federal Agencies, and security companies. Become a Partner EN EN-GB ( United Kingdom ) FR ( Français ) DE ( Deutsch ) Dansk ( Danish ) Nederlands ( Dutch ) Suomi ( Finnish ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) Norsk ( Norwegian ) Svenska ( Swedish ) EN-AU ( Australia ) Español ( Spanish ) Ready to get started? Request a Demo Company Company About Us Contact Us Leadership Customers Careers Working at Arctic Wolf Open Jobs Our Values Pack Impact Press Newsroom Press Releases Brand Partnerships BWT Alpine Formula One Team Meyer Shank Racing Minnesota Wild Alabama Crimson Tide EN EN-GB ( United Kingdom ) FR ( Français ) DE ( Deutsch ) Dansk ( Danish ) Nederlands ( Dutch ) Suomi ( Finnish ) 日本語 ( Japanese ) Norsk ( Norwegian ) Svenska ( Swedish ) EN-AU ( Australia ) Español ( Spanish ) Ready to get started? Request a Demo EXPERIENCED A BREACH? REQUEST A DEMO Solutions – MDR ARCTIC WOLF Managed Detection and Response​ Arctic Wolf ® Managed Detection and Response (MDR) provides 24x7 monitoring of your networks, endpoints, and cloud environments to detect, respond to, and remediate modern cyber attacks. Request A Demo HOW IT WORKS Detect Develop greater insight into your security posture with broad visibility, 24x7 monitoring, and advanced threat detection. Learn More Respond Ensure threats are contained before they can do damage with managed investigation and guided response. Learn More Remediate Learn from incidents and make sure they don't happen again by implementing custom rules and workflows to harden your security posture against future attacks. Learn More CHALLENGES Managed Detection and Response Addresses the Most Critical Cybersecurity Challenges FAQ Evolving Threats Today's IT and security teams struggle to detect modern threats, potentially causing irreparable damage to their business. Escalating Costs Staffing an entire security operations center (SOC) to protect an organization is a costly endeavor, one that isn’t feasible for many organizations. Talent Shortage Finding, training, and retaining experienced security professionals has become a major obstacle for businesses of every size. Fast answers to critical security questions Investigate analyzed and enriched data from the Arctic Wolf Aurora Platform with purpose-built search tools. Data Explorer provides you with the ability to query, pivot, and investigate pertinent security data. Explore Data Explorer By the Numbers Detection and Response Legacy security tools, such as firewalls, advanced endpoint protection, or SIEM appliances, can't defend cloud workloads. SCHEDULE A DEMO 40% 40% of midsize enterprises are using MDR as their only managed security service as of 2024. 50% 50% of organizations will be using MDR services by 2025. 57% 57% of organizations are facing extreme or moderate risk due to security talent shortage. 70% 70% of security leaders report that their organization experienced at least one “significant cyber attack” in 2024. Sources: 1: Gartner 2: Gartner 3: ISACA 4: 2025 Trends Report Arctic Wolf Security Operations Bundles Arctic Wolf Security Operations Bundles offer a full suite of technology, security expertise, and risk transfer options to end your cyber risk. LEARN MORE Arctic Wolf ® Managed Detection and Response Detect Broad Visibility Works with your existing technology stack to discover and profile assets and collect data and security event observations from multiple sources. 24x7 Monitoring Your environment is monitored for threats and risks around the clock, allowing you to focus on other important areas of your business. Advanced Threats Catch advanced threats that are missed with other approaches with a platform that analyzes more security data, and an experienced team who knows how to look for them. Respond Managed Investigations We investigate suspicious activity so you don’t have to, making alert fatigue and time wasted on investigating false positives a thing of the past. Incident Response Every second counts. Detect and respond to critical security incidents within minutes to prevent the spread of threats. Log Retention and Search Takes the work out of managing logs, enabling you to easily conduct additional investigations, if needed. Remediate Guided Remediation We work with you on detection, response, and remediation to validate the threat has been neutralized and verify it hasn’t returned. Root Cause Analysis Deep investigation into the root cause of incidents to promote the creation of customized rules and workflows that harden your posture. Personalized Engagement Regular meetings to review your overall security posture and find areas of improvement that are optimized for your environment.​ DELIVERED BY The Arctic Wolf ® Security Teams LEARN MORE Deployment Service setup Technical readiness Essential log configuration Deployment Engineers Quick and Efficient Service Deployment A designated deployment team will help you deploy sensors and configure essential logs to get you up and running. Technical Readiness Triage Security 24x7 monitoring Security investigations Response actions Triage Security Engineers 24x7 Environment Monitoring Over 600 security engineers support our SOC to monitor your environment 24x7 to triage, investigate, and respond to events. Triage & Investigations Concierge Security Security journey Security posture assessment Account reviews Concierge Security Engineers Proactive Risk Mitigation Your Concierge Security Team of named experts will guide you through change implementation and ongoing security posture hardening reviews. SECURITY POSTURE HARDENING Incident Response Business restoration Severe incident remediation Digital forensics Incident Response Engineers Comprehensive Response Capabilities In-depth remediation and severe incident response capabilities, such as ransomware negotiation. Remediation & Incident Response Proactively defend against new and emerging threats with Arctic Wolf ® Threat Intelligence. Real-time threat feeds with engaging, curated reports provide actionable threat intelligence to help organizations of all sizes stay informed and take swift action to mitigate risks. Unlock and Utilize: Curated threat intelligence reports IoC QuickLinks Intelligence briefings Real-time threat campaign bulletins External Ingestion (STIX/TAXII) And more! Explore Threat Intelligence Arctic Wolf ® Security Operations Warranty THE PACK HAS YOUR BACK Get the industry-leading Arctic Wolf Security Operations Warranty with up to $3 million (USD) in financial assistance for cybersecurity incidents when you purchase the Total Security Operations Bundle as well as Aurora TM Managed Endpoint Defense on a three-year term. Read the Datasheet See It in Action Security observations collected across internal and external networks, endpoints, and cloud environments are enriched with threat feeds, OSINT data, CVE information, and more to provide granularity and context to incidents investigated and triaged by the Arctic Wolf Security Teams. These security experts help cut through the noise to remediate and contain threats before they can spread across your network and cause broader damage. Arctic Wolf named a Leader in Everest Group Managed Detection and Response Services Specialists PEAK Matrix® Assessment 2025 READ CASE STUDY WHAT OUR CUSTOMERS SAY​ “Cybersecurity threats continually transform and mature. Arctic Wolf, however, delivers the tools and expertise to continually monitor our environment and alert on these threats. I rest easier knowing our operations are monitored 24×7 with Arctic Wolf.” AJ Tasker, Vice President and Director of IT, First United Bank & Trust Additional Resources For Managed Detection and Response VISIT THE RESOURCE LIBRARY Ready to Get Started? We’re here to help. Reach out to schedule an introductory call with one of our team members and learn more about how Arctic Wolf can benefit your organization. General Questions 1-888-272-8429 Arctic Wolf Resource Library pr@arcticwolf.com © 2026 Arctic Wolf GLOBAL HEADQUARTERS Arctic Wolf Networks 8939 Columbine Rd Eden Prairie, MN 55347 1.888.272.8429 𝕏 REQUEST A DEMO Solutions Managed Detection and Response Cloud Detection and Response Managed Risk Cloud Security Posture Management Managed Security Awareness Incident Response Aurora Endpoint Security Company Contact Us Careers Leadership Newsroom Partners Why Partner with Arctic Wolf? Resources Blog Case Studies Webinars Events Analyst Reports Newsletter © 2026 Arctic Wolf Networks Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Notice Terms of Use Cookie Policy Accessibility Statement Information Security Sustainability Statement Cookies Settings