External Cybersecurity Platform | ZeroFox Contact Partner Portal Customer Portal Search Platform Solutions Use Cases Resources Company Pricing Request Demo Open main menu Platform ZeroFox Cyber Threat Intelligence Platform ZeroFox Cyber Threat Intelligence Platform Preemptively Neutralizes Threats ZeroFox is the unified platform for discovering, validating, and disrupting threats across the surface and dark web to social media and marketplaces before they impact your business. We fuse cyber threat intelligence, attack surface intelligence, and proven digital risk protection with AI-driven correlation, expert validation, and rapid takedowns that stop threats before impact. Request a Demo The Problem Raw Alerts Don't Stop Threats. Most threat intelligence platforms flood teams with noisy, unvalidated alerts, burying real threats under false positives. Analysts spend hours triaging logs while active attacks slip through. Without human-vetted validation, digital risk protection, and disruption capabilities, security stays reactive, and damage occurs. The Solution Action Does. ZeroFox closes the gap between detection and defense. AI-powered discovery is paired with 24/7 analyst validation and automated takedowns to identify real threats, confirm risk, and remove malicious activity directly from the internet. The result is faster response, fewer blind spots, and threats that are stopped, not just spotted. The ZeroFox Platform Platform Overview svg]:opacity-0"> Discover Discovery is how risk—known and unknown—becomes visible. ZeroFox never stops finding, mapping, and monitoring your digital presence—domains, subdomains, IPs, social accounts, exposed credentials, executive profiles, misconfigs, and the real-world locations and events where risk concentrates. Discovery isn't just about assets. It's about understanding where people, brands, and operations are most exposed when it's early enough to matter. New assets appear. Events emerge. Risk shifts. ZeroFox keeps pace so nothing slips through the cracks. Validate Discovery creates signals, validation turns them into decisions. ZeroFox combines large-scale automation with human expertise to determine what is real, relevant, and urgent. We connect the dots across a data graph of 12B+ signals to vet threats in context—who's being targeted, how credible the activity is, and whether it poses immediate risk to your business or your people. This human-in-the-loop validation cuts through noise, reduces false positives, and ensures teams focus only on threats that deserve action. AI accelerates the work. Experts apply judgment. Confidence replaces guesswork. Disrupt Disruption is where trust becomes action. ZeroFox executes disruption through automated, analyst-guided response workflows that change attacker outcomes in the real world. With our Global Disruption Network and long-standing trust relationships with platforms, providers, and infrastructure partners, ZeroFox can act decisively by shutting down abuse, interrupting campaigns, and suppressing repeat activity at scale. Disruption isn't a ticket or a handoff. It's coordinated action backed by evidence, ownership, and verification. When threats are stopped early, their impact never materializes. Intelligence That Leads to Action Our platform turns global visibility into prioritized decisions and rapid action that protects brands, people, and operations across digital and physical domains. See how it works. Trust & Security Get a blueprint for defending your most visible leaders from today's digital and physical threats. Visit Trust Portal Cyber Threat Intelligence Brand + Domain Protection Executive + VIP Protection Physical Security Intelligence Attack Surface Intelligence Cyber Threat Intelligence Brand + Domain Protection Executive + VIP Protection Physical Security Intelligence Attack Surface Intelligence Cyber Threat Intelligence Turn billions of signals into intelligence you can actually use. ZeroFox fuses Dark Ops, threat channel infiltration, asset fingerprinting, and analyst expertise to deliver finished intelligence, not raw noise. Every insight is contextual, prioritized, and tied to real adversary activity. Stop studying threats. Start neutralizing them. Get Started Dark Web Intelligence Tracks forums, markets, and chats for chatter, access sales, and stolen data. Learn More Detections & Investigation Connects 12B signals into insights, forensics to support investigations and threat-informed defense. Learn More Breach and Extortion Response Guides containment, comms, and negotiation backed by evidence. Learn More Compromised Credentials Detects exposed accounts and triggers resets and controls. Learn More Intel Feeds and Briefs Delivers indicators and finished intel ready for your stack. Learn More Intel Search Portal Enables self‑serve pivots, collections, and exports for analysts. Learn More Integrations Connects to TIP, SIEM, SOAR, and EDR for automated action. Learn More Solutions for every team. Powered by one platform. svg]:opacity-0"> IT & Ops Gain visibility into exposed assets, shadow IT, and misconfigurations so remediation happens faster and with fewer surprises. Sales Protect prospects and revenue from phishing, impersonations, and fraud that undermine trust in your brand. Marketing Safeguard brand integrity across social media, marketplaces, and digital campaigns without slowing growth. Product & Engineering Identify exposed infrastructure, APIs, and third-party risk early to prevent vulnerabilities from becoming incidents. Leadership Reduce enterprise risk, protect executives, and demonstrate measurable outcomes tied to trust, resilience, and ROI. The ZeroFox Advantage + digital platforms monitored M+ successful takedowns executed annually with 95% acceptance rate + in-house CTI analysts with deep and dark web expertise Why ZeroFox Leads in Threat Protection Outcomes That Matter ZeroFox delivers measurable outcomes that reduce risk, protect revenue, and give teams confidence that external threats are being actively handled, not just monitored. Threats stopped before they cause damage ZeroFox doesn’t just surface risk; we remove it. By combining validation and disruption, organizations reduce fraud losses, brand damage, and customer harm before incidents escalate. Faster response with less operational drag Automated workflows and managed disruption eliminate manual ef Confidence for leaders and the business Clear prioritization, measurable outcomes, and transparent reporting give decision‑makers confidence that external risk is being actively handled. Protection that scales with growth As digital footprints expand, ZeroFox scales discovery and disruption automatically, preventing risk from compounding as the business grows. Previous slide Next slide Capabilities That Deliver Behind those outcomes is a unified platform built to see more, validate faster, and disrupt threats at scale across the entire external attack surface. Unified Cyber and Physical A single platform connects digital threats with physical security intelligence for complete protection. Multi-Domain Coverage We monitor 180+ platforms, including social media, marketplaces, underground forums, and the dark web. AI-Powered Detection Advanced AI models detect synthetic media, impersonation, and evolving attack patterns that traditional tools miss. Human-Validated Alerts Dedicated analysts validate detections to ensure high true-positive rates and remove alert fatigue.​ Dark Ops and HUMINT Embedded analysts infiltrate invite-only channels and underground forums to uncover emerging threats. Automated Disruption at Scale ZeroFox executes 1M+ takedowns annually via Global Disruption Network partnerships. Previous slide Next slide Pricing Flexible Pricing to Defend Your World Foundation Bundle Brand Monitoring and Takedowns Get industry-leading brand protection and remediation of external threats Complete visibility across the surface, deep, and dark web with timely, transparent takedowns means increased confidence and trust in your brand Request Pricing Core Bundle Complete Digital Risk Protection Monitor and disrupt cyber threats across the surface, deep, and dark web Get deeper insights into emerging threats and attacks-in-progress to bolster defenses and reduce the likelihood of a critical breach Request Pricing Premium Bundle Intelligence" loading="lazy" decoding="async" data-nimg="fill" class="object-fit" style="position:absolute;height:100%;width:100%;left:0;top:0;right:0;bottom:0;color:transparent" src="/images/icon-intel-feeds.svg"/> Threat Intelligence Fully protect a full portfolio of assets and tap into our expertise when needed Confidently manage the risk that comes with a dynamic, rapidly growing business like yours. Know your attack surface better than cybercriminals to stop them in their tracks Request Pricing Executive Bundle Comprehensive Executive Protection Tailored protection for high-profile individuals backed by deep intel and advanced takedowns Protect your executives and high-risk individuals from digital threats. Defend brand reputation, and mitigate personal risk before it becomes a business liability. Request Pricing What if a 30-minute call could stop threats and boost your revenue? See how ZeroFox helps organizations take control of threats beyond the firewall to reclaim what's real. Get Started Frequently asked questions What is the ZeroFox Platform? The ZeroFox Platform unifies cyber threat intelligence, digital risk protection, attack surface management, and physical security intelligence in one solution. We discover, validate, and disrupt threats across surface, deep, and dark web before they impact your brand, executives, or customers. How is ZeroFox different from traditional threat intelligence platforms? What threats does ZeroFox protect against? What is the Global Disruption Network? How does ZeroFox validate threats? Does ZeroFox integrate with existing security tools? What industries does ZeroFox serve? How quickly can ZeroFox take down malicious content? Contact Us a:hover]:text-cyber-blue col-span-1 text-center xl:text-left"> Platform a:hover]:text-cyber-blue"> Discover Validate Disrupt Intelligence Collection AI Innovation Analyst Expertise Integrations Security + Compliance Services Pricing a:hover]:text-cyber-blue col-span-1 text-center xl:text-left"> Solutions a:hover]:text-cyber-blue"> Cyber Threat Intelligence Dark web intelligence Detection and investigations Breach and extortion response Compromised credential monitoring Intel feeds and briefs Search portal Attack Surface Intelligence Asset discovery Exposure validation Prioritization and workflow Third-party and supplier watch Cloud and SaaS posture a:hover]:text-cyber-blue"> Brand + Domain Protection Brand Protection Domain Protection Social Media Protection Marketplace and app store monitoring Enforcement and takedowns Executive + VIP Protection PII and doxxing removal Executive social monitoring Disruption services Physical Security Intelligence a:hover]:text-cyber-blue col-span-1 text-center xl:text-left"> Use Cases a:hover]:text-cyber-blue"> Challenges Preemptively neutralize threats Safeguard your people Fraud and loss prevention Mobilize threat intelligence On-Demand Investigations Dark web risk management Account takeover defense Impersonation response Roles Corporate Security Information Security Marketing a:hover]:text-cyber-blue"> Industries Education Financial Services Healthcare Insurance Partners Legal Firms Media and Entertainment Public Sector Retail & CPG Technology a:hover]:text-cyber-blue col-span-1 text-center md:col-span-7 xl:col-span-1 xl:col-start-6 xl:text-left"> Resources Blog Threat Index Case Studies Data Sheets Videos and Webinars White Papers and Reports Learning Glossary 2026 Predictions Anti-Phishing Inside the Dark Web EASM a:hover]:text-cyber-blue col-span-1 text-center md:col-span-7 xl:col-span-1 xl:col-start-7 xl:text-left"> Company About Leadership Careers Industry Recognition Press Releases & News Comparisons ZeroFox vs BlackCloak ZeroFox vs Bolster ZeroFox vs Cyberint ZeroFox vs Doppel ZeroFox vs Group-IB ZeroFox vs Netcraft ZeroFox vs Recorded Future © 2026 by ZeroFox. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Security Trust Center Terms and Transparency My Privacy Choices