Huntress Managed Security Platform: Wrecking Hackers 24/7 | Huntress John Hammond and Jim Browning show you the dark world of cybercrime on 3/18. Register now > Watch On-Demand: From Trafficking Victim to Cybercrime Whistleblower Portal Login Support Contact Search Search Products Products Platform Overview Managed EDR Get full endpoint visibility, detection, and response Managed EDR Get full endpoint visibility, detection, and response Managed ITDR Protect your Microsoft 365 identities and email environments. Managed ITDR Protect your Microsoft 365 identities and email environments. Managed SIEM Managed threat response and robust compliance support at a predictable price. Managed SIEM Managed threat response and robust compliance support at a predictable price. Managed Security Awareness Training Empower your teams with science-backed security awareness training. Managed Security Awareness Training Empower your teams with science-backed security awareness training. Integrations Integrations Support Documentation Support Documentation See Huntress in Action Quickly deploy and manage real-time protection for endpoints, email, and employees - all from a single dashboard. Book a Demo See Huntress in Action Quickly deploy and manage real-time protection for endpoints, email, and employees - all from a single dashboard. Solutions Solutions Threats We Stop Phishing Phishing Business Email Compromise Business Email Compromise Ransomware Ransomware View All View All Industries We Serve Education Education Financial Services Financial Services State and Local Government State and Local Government Healthcare Healthcare Law Firms Law Firms Manufacturing Manufacturing Utilities Utilities View All View All Tailored Solutions MSPs MSPs Resellers Resellers SMBs SMBs Compliance Compliance Cybercriminals Have Evolved Get the intel on today’s cybercriminal groups and learn how to protect yourself. Cybercriminals Have Evolved Get the intel on today’s cybercriminal groups and learn how to protect yourself. Pricing Resources Resources Community Series The Product Lab Shape the next big thing in cybersecurity together. The Product Lab Shape the next big thing in cybersecurity together. Fireside Chat Real people. Real perspectives. Better conversations. Fireside Chat Real people. Real perspectives. Better conversations. Tradecraft Tuesday No products, no pitches – just tradecraft. Tradecraft Tuesday No products, no pitches – just tradecraft. Resources Upcoming Events Upcoming Events eBooks eBooks On-Demand Webinars On-Demand Webinars Videos Videos Whitepapers Whitepapers Datasheets Datasheets Cybersecurity Education Cybersecurity 101 Cybersecurity 101 Cybersecurity Guides Cybersecurity Guides Threat Library Threat Library Real Tradecraft, Real Results Real Tradecraft, Real Results 2026 Cyber Threat Report 2026 Cyber Threat Report The Huntress Blog Huntress Lands on the Microsoft Marketplace Huntress Lands on the Microsoft Marketplace How Huntress & DEFCERT Are Streamlining CMMC Assessment Prep How Huntress & DEFCERT Are Streamlining CMMC Assessment Prep Live Hacking Into Microsoft 365 with Kyle Hanslovan Live Hacking Into Microsoft 365 with Kyle Hanslovan Why Huntress Why Huntress Why Huntress Go beyond AI in the fight against today’s hackers with Huntress Managed EDR purpose-built for your needs Why Huntress Go beyond AI in the fight against today’s hackers with Huntress Managed EDR purpose-built for your needs The Huntress SOC 24/7 Security Operations Center The Huntress SOC 24/7 Security Operations Center Reviews Why businesses of all sizes trust Huntress to defend their assets Reviews Why businesses of all sizes trust Huntress to defend their assets Case Studies Learn directly from our partners how Huntress has helped them Case Studies Learn directly from our partners how Huntress has helped them Community Get in touch with the Huntress Community team Community Get in touch with the Huntress Community team Compare Huntress Bitdefender Bitdefender Blackpoint Blackpoint Breach Secure Now! Breach Secure Now! Crowdstrike Crowdstrike Datto Datto SentinelOne SentinelOne Sophos Sophos Compare All Compare All Partners Partners HUNTRESS HUB Login to access top-notch marketing resources, tools, and training. Partner Portal Login HUNTRESS HUB Login to access top-notch marketing resources, tools, and training. MSPs Join our partner community to deliver expert-led managed security. MSPs Join our partner community to deliver expert-led managed security. Resellers Partner program designed to grow your cybersecurity business. Resellers Partner program designed to grow your cybersecurity business. Company Company Press Release Huntress Announces Collaboration with Microsoft to Strengthen Cybersecurity for Businesses of All Sizes Press Release Huntress Announces Collaboration with Microsoft to Strengthen Cybersecurity for Businesses of All Sizes Our Story We're on a mission to shatter the barriers to enterprise-level security. Our Story We're on a mission to shatter the barriers to enterprise-level security. Newsroom Explore press releases, news articles, media interviews and more. Newsroom Explore press releases, news articles, media interviews and more. Meet the Team Founded by former NSA Cyber Operators. Backed by security researchers. Meet the Team Founded by former NSA Cyber Operators. Backed by security researchers. Careers Ready to shake up the cybersecurity world? Join the hunt. Careers Ready to shake up the cybersecurity world? Join the hunt. Awards Awards Contact Us Contact Us Portal Login Support Contact Search Get a Demo Start for Free Portal Login Support Contact Search Search Get a Demo Start for Free Hackers Wrecked. Your Enterprise Secured. We wreck hackers. A purpose-built platform for organizations like yours, all backed and operated by our industry-proven, 24/7 AI-assisted SOC for continuous threat protection. Enterprise-grade cybersecurity for ALL businesses. Start for Free Get a Demo 4.8/5 based on over a thousand G2 reviews You Don't Have to Manage Any of It Huntress products are built to protect organizations of ALL sizes, owning detection to remediation. We own our tech and innovate faster than other vendors, giving you 24/7 protection against threats. 4.5M endpoints 10M identities 800k+ active learners Explore the Platform Expert Threat Hunters, On Your Team Our industry-recognized AI-assisted threat hunters are your unfair advantage, exposing the latest tradecraft and wrecking hackers. Huntress is out in front of global threats, leading research through remediation while the others chase us. 98.8% customer satisfaction rating CVE Numbering Authority (CNA) Meet the Huntress SOC Built for Outcomes, Not Optics You get peace of mind with advanced yet lightweight solutions that evolve with emerging threats. No gaps, no blind spots, no guessing if you're protected. The alerts you need and nothing you don’t. 4.9 out of 5 stars based on hundreds of G2 reviews Go from zero to protected in under 30 minutes. Get a Demo Securing 9k Businesses Like Yours Your Security Platform for Peace of Mind The Huntress security platform is built, owned, and operated entirely by our team from first signal through remediation. Predictable pricing with no noise, just meaningful alerts. Managed EDR Huntress Managed EDR doesn't just watch your endpoints—it’s a complete solution. From the second a threat appears until it’s eliminated, we handle everything. You get 24/7 continuous protection, detection, and response that disrupts and remediates threats. Industry-leading MTTR 4.5M Endpoints protected Learn more about Managed EDR Get a Demo Managed ITDR Identity Threat Detection and Response (ITDR) Finds and stops identity-based threats in Microsoft 365—because identity is the new endpoint, and attackers know it. Huntress Managed ITDR is designed to detect, respond to, and resolve critical identity-based threats like account takeovers, business email compromise, unauthorized logins, and more. Industry-leading 3min MTTR 9M identities protected Learn more about Managed ITDR Get a Demo Managed SIEM Huntress Managed SIEM takes away the complexity and overhead usually associated with traditional SIEMs, giving you everything you need and nothing you don’t. 24/7 threat response and strengthened compliance, fully managed by SOC experts, at a predictable price. Smart Filtering to capture only security-relevant data Total Compliance with long-term retention, search, and reporting Learn more about Managed SIEM Get a Demo Managed SAT Engaging, expert-backed, personalized training content built on real-world threat intelligence and created by Emmy® Award-winning animators to reduce human risk and build a strong security culture. Training built on threat intel from 4.5M endpoints and 9M identities 98% completion rate for learners who start assignments Learn more about Managed SAT Get a Demo Solutions Built for Real-World Threats Our team gets inside the mind of a hacker to anticipate their next move and shut them down before they can hurt your business. From enterprises to the MSPs supporting them, organizations of ALL sizes trust us to stay ahead of what's coming. BUSINESS EMAIL COMPROMISE 51% of customers experience an attack With $6.3B+ stolen globally in 2024, email compromise is big business for shady hackers. Our defense-in-depth approach covers every angle: endpoint monitoring, identity protection, educating your end users, and email security that actually works. Learn more about BEC RANSOMWARE 17-Hour Average time-to-ransom Every second counts when attackers move through your network. Ransomware isn't a single event; it's around 18 separate actions building toward disruption, and you have less than 1 business day to react. Huntress catches ransomware gangs and shuts them down before they wreak havoc on your business. Learn more about Ransomware ADVERSARY-IN-THE-MIDDLE 50% increase YoY in AiTM attacks Adversary-in-the-Middle (AiTM) attacks jumped WAY up this year because hackers found a way to slip past MFAs. They intercept your authentication in real time, swiping session tokens when you think you're safe. Our identity-level visibility spots compromised sessions instantly and takes action before damage is done. Learn more about AiTM PHISHING 31% of Security incidents Involve phishing Human risk management is a major concern for ALL businesses now, but your people can be your first layer of defense. Users actually enjoy our Managed Security Awareness Training—and we make administration a breeze. Learn more about Phishing ROGUE APPLICATIONS 46% of security pros say rogue apps are a top identity threat Malicious OAuth apps are a go-to move for attackers to steal data and maintain persistence. Get a full view into every rogue app installed across tenants and proactively find Traitorware and Stealthware before they wreak havoc. Learn more about Rogue Applications COMPLIANCE 58% of businesses aren’t ready for CMMC requirements Regulators, customers, and insurers demand proof of your security, which strains already stretched teams. Huntress makes compliance support accessible to ALL businesses, including those undergoing CMMC Level 2 audits. Learn more about Compliance Global Threats We've Wrecked The Huntress Adversary Tactics and SOC teams work together to protect your business by hunting, tracking, and analyzing novel threats around the world. Every novel attack they spot and piece of hacker tradecraft they decode gets documented and shared with the community. Green Bay, WI Phoenix, AZ Bulgaria London, UK Australia North Korea Food Fight! A threat actor broke into a Wisconsin food factory’s network, and our SOC saw it all. See how we stopped the attack and got them back to business. Learn more about this attack Uninvited Guest An Arizona hotel chain was unknowingly hosting a squatter. Our SOC caught it, booted the intruder, and cleaned it up before damage happened. See examples of this attack Biting Back A professional dental organization was targeted in a massive brute-force campaign. Thankfully, Managed SIEM isn’t just for compliance—it turns threat intel into defense. See how SIEM helps with that Twisted Metal When a European metals manufacturer deployed the Huntress agent during an active intrusion, we learned that threat actors exploit blind spots, so deploying Managed EDR across all endpoints reduces exposure. Learn more about this attack Hungry Down Under An Australian food factory’s RDP was exposed to the public internet, and threat actors took advantage. The good news: Managed EDR helps wreck RDP server threats. See how Managed EDR helps This Isn't a Movie Our team dropped a full deep-dive on a state-sponsored intrusion targeting Web3, macOS users, and crypto foundations. Read how TA444 (BlueNoroff) pulled it off—and Huntress EDR caught it. Read the full story Need the SOC, Stat A threat actor got into a medical facility’s network and gave it a full work-up. Our 24/7 human-led, AI-assisted SOC isolated the network—no need to intubate. Meet the SOC Protecting Businesses Like Yours "Security training is never a one-and-done. Employees need to be part of the SOC 2 conversation from the get-go. [Huntress Managed SAT] is a compelling way to make security education fun so employees actually learn from their training." Adam Markowitz CEO, Drata “I sleep better when my clients are being protected with Huntress. Huntress helps us by looking for persistent footholds in a network that antivirus just doesn't catch. We're getting a lot of the benefits of a bigger EDR platform for an extremely reasonable price." Dylan Sauce Chief Innovation Officer, Innovative Communication Systems “With the Huntress SOC, we have some of the best minds in cybersecurity at our disposal. They help us validate incidents, handle them and also level up our own knowledge. With the context and information included in their personalized reports, any tier one technician can easily understand what threats have been detected and take the appropriate next steps – it’s been a great force multiplier for us.” Anthony Cabral Clear Guidance Partners “The value that we get with Huntress far exceeds what we’re getting with SentinelOne. Huntress has allowed us to deliver a solution that is monitoring 24/7 from an EDR perspective, while also adding that critical SOC component.” Andy Warner CFO, Connecting Point “Huntress combines cutting-edge technology with human expertise in a way no other solution does. It’s reliable, cost-effective, and invaluable for any organisation looking to strengthen their cyber defenses.” Kevin Walker Founder, Black Swan Cyber Security Solution “Having a true managed service for email security is a game changer. We were able to resolve an issue within minutes with the help of the 24/7 Security Operations Center Team. Partnering with Huntress has exceeded our expectations, and we can feel the impact they’ve made in our work.” Matt Robins Security Analyst, Rudick Innovation and Technology "We have a highly mobile workforce, lots of branch offices, and a very small IT staff. Huntress helps us monitor for threats, keeps us honest about missed security patches, and our insurance company loves it." Paul J IT Manager "Security training is never a one-and-done. Employees need to be part of the SOC 2 conversation from the get-go. [Huntress Managed SAT] is a compelling way to make security education fun so employees actually learn from their training." Adam Markowitz CEO, Drata “I sleep better when my clients are being protected with Huntress. Huntress helps us by looking for persistent footholds in a network that antivirus just doesn't catch. We're getting a lot of the benefits of a bigger EDR platform for an extremely reasonable price." Dylan Sauce Chief Innovation Officer, Innovative Communication Systems “With the Huntress SOC, we have some of the best minds in cybersecurity at our disposal. They help us validate incidents, handle them and also level up our own knowledge. With the context and information included in their personalized reports, any tier one technician can easily understand what threats have been detected and take the appropriate next steps – it’s been a great force multiplier for us.” Anthony Cabral Clear Guidance Partners “The value that we get with Huntress far exceeds what we’re getting with SentinelOne. Huntress has allowed us to deliver a solution that is monitoring 24/7 from an EDR perspective, while also adding that critical SOC component.” Andy Warner CFO, Connecting Point “Huntress combines cutting-edge technology with human expertise in a way no other solution does. It’s reliable, cost-effective, and invaluable for any organisation looking to strengthen their cyber defenses.” Kevin Walker Founder, Black Swan Cyber Security Solution “Having a true managed service for email security is a game changer. We were able to resolve an issue within minutes with the help of the 24/7 Security Operations Center Team. Partnering with Huntress has exceeded our expectations, and we can feel the impact they’ve made in our work.” Matt Robins Security Analyst, Rudick Innovation and Technology "We have a highly mobile workforce, lots of branch offices, and a very small IT staff. Huntress helps us monitor for threats, keeps us honest about missed security patches, and our insurance company loves it." Paul J IT Manager "Security training is never a one-and-done. Employees need to be part of the SOC 2 conversation from the get-go. [Huntress Managed SAT] is a compelling way to make security education fun so employees actually learn from their training." Adam Markowitz CEO, Drata “I sleep better when my clients are being protected with Huntress. Huntress helps us by looking for persistent footholds in a network that antivirus just doesn't catch. We're getting a lot of the benefits of a bigger EDR platform for an extremely reasonable price." Dylan Sauce Chief Innovation Officer, Innovative Communication Systems 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Get the Latest Cybersecurity Defense Guides Endpoint Detection & Response Guide This EDR guide gives you a curated view so you can learn how it works, how to choose the right solution, and where Huntress fits into the mix. Read the Guide Ransomware Guide If you’re worried about your data being held hostage, operational downtime, and steep ransom demands—our ransomware guide will help you grasp the basics. Read the Guide Business Email Compromise (BEC) Guide Our guide shows you how BEC scams unfold, what red flags to watch for, and the defenses that keep criminals from cashing out on your inbox. Read the Guide Cybersecurity is a Necessity, Not a Luxury. Secure your endpoints, email, and employees with the power of our 24/7 SOC. Try Huntress for free and deploy in minutes to start fighting threats. Start Free Trial Platform Huntress Managed Security Platform Managed EDR Managed EDR for macOS Managed EDR for Linux Managed ITDR Managed SIEM Managed Security Awareness Training Book a Demo Solutions Phishing Compliance Business Email Compromise Education Finance Healthcare Manufacturing State & Local Government Why Huntress? Managed Service Providers Resellers IT & Security Teams 24/7 SOC Case Studies Resources Blog Resource Center Cybersecurity 101 Upcoming Events Support Documentation About Our Company Leadership News & Press Careers Contact Us Protecting 215k+ customers like you with enterprise-grade protection. Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Cookie Consent © 2025 Huntress All Rights Reserved. Join the Hunt Get insider access to Huntress tradecraft, killer events, and the freshest blog updates. Email Sign Up By submitting this form, you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy