Cisco XDR - Extended Detection and Response - Cisco Skip to main content Skip to search Skip to footer Products and Services Close Solutions Close Support Close Learn Close Why Cisco Close Partners Close Trials and demos How to buy Partners EN US Profile Log in Trials and demos MENU CLOSE How to buy Partners Profile Log in EN US Close Close Close Close Close Products Security Cisco XDR Clear verdict. Decisive action. AI speed. Harness network visibility, open integrations, agentic AI, and detailed forensics to make threat detection and response fast, simple, and effective. Join our demo webinar Watch overview (01:10) Overview Resources Licenses Demos and webinars Integrations Join our demo webinar Security operations simplified Disrupt sophisticated threats with network-led defense Instantly verify threats and execute tailored investigation plans with agentic AI across network, endpoint, email, cloud, and identity—powered by built‑in network detection. Take decisive action on prioritized incidents Autonomously contain critical alerts, stop lateral movement, and follow guidance through prioritized incident workflows for fast, confident remediation. Elevate productivity with AI assistance and automation Empower analysts with guided, step‑by‑step automation and AI‑driven prioritization to level up the performance and effectiveness of your security operations team. Calculate your savings Read the latest Cisco XDR blogs The latest expansions of the Cisco XDR integration toolkit The Swiss Army knife and Cisco XDR share a theme of versatility and integration. Cisco's Ben Greenbaum explores the latest integrations we’ve released to extend the cybersecurity functionalities of Cisco XDR. Read blog The missing link between detection and response In security operations today, alerts are everywhere but certainty is not. Cisco’s Briana Farro describes how Cisco XDR is bringing speed and assurance to modern threat response. Read blog Built for SecOps pros by SecOps pros Detect, investigate, and prioritize Make defenders more effective and efficient by uncovering sophisticated attacks and using AI to prioritize incidents across multiple security controls. It's one of the fastest, easiest ways to achieve unified threat detection, investigation, and response (TDIR) in your security posture. Command every response and action Streamline incident response by simplifying preparation, detection, analysis, containment, eradication, and recovery, which can involve anything from adding a worknote to implementing an automated action to recovering from ransomware by restoring the last known good snapshot. Gain visibility into users and devices Get a comprehensive user and device inventory for contextual awareness that simplifies investigations and identifies gaps, while tracking user behaviors and devices to assess your security posture and stop threats before problems occur. Accelerate, streamline, and strengthen Reduce complexity and increase efficiency with the Cisco AI Assistant in XDR. Make faster, more consistent decisions and eliminate errors while easily monitoring ransomware, endpoint compromises, and more. And strengthen your security posture with MITRE ATT&CK coverage mapping. Read At-a-Glance (PDF) Cisco XDR self-guided demos Learn how we collect and correlate data, then apply analytics and intel to prioritize risk-based threats and recommend responses. See how we detect threats early, initiate snapshot backups, and restore critical infrastructure to a known good state. View Cisco XDR demos Bring your security stack together with Cisco XDR Endpoint telemetry and response integrations Seamlessly integrate popular endpoint detection and response tools to extend security investments. Cloud and network telemetry and response integrations Easily connect cloud, network, and firewall security tools to gain insights across your environment. Email telemetry and response integrations Effortlessly integrate email and applications data from leading solutions to deliver secure access. See the full integration list Integrate Cisco security tools to unlock more value Cisco Secure Endpoint Stay ahead of the latest threats with simplified, automated endpoint security. Explore Secure Endpoint Cisco Secure Email Threat Defense Protect against damaging and costly email threats that can compromise your brand and operations. Explore Secure Email Threat Defense Cisco Secure Network Analytics Achieve powerful network visibility to find sophisticated, covert threats and suspicious behavior. Explore Secure Network Analytics Cisco Breach Protection Suite Accelerate response across the most prominent attack vectors—network, email, cloud, and endpoint—unified by Cisco XDR. Explore Breach Protection Flexible licensing options for every business Cisco XDR Essentials Built by practitioners for practitioners with built-in integrations across the Cisco security portfolio so analysts can detect and respond to the most sophisticated threats. Cisco XDR Advantage Includes all features in Essentials plus commercially supported and curated integrations with select third-party tools to rapidly respond to threats regardless of vector or vendor. Cisco XDR Premier Offers XDR as a managed service provided by Cisco security experts. Includes security validation through penetration testing and select Cisco Talos Incident Response services. Compare all plans Related product documentation The Art of Defense with Cisco XDR Learn to create a holistic defense strategy against adversaries and clearly define roles to decisively protect your most critical business assets and functions. Read e-book Cisco XDR: Security Operations Simplified Learn about the challenges SOC analysts face and how Cisco XDR is designed to address them. Read e-book 5 Ways to Experience XDR Explore the top-5 XDR use cases mapped to the NIST Incident Management Framework. Read e-book An XDR Primer: The Promise of Simplifying Security Operations Learn how an effective XDR solution can simplify the Security Operations Center (SOC) experience. Read XDR primer Customer insights Unified security improves network uptime "Cisco XDR correlates all the data in one place, giving me a comprehensive view of incidents. I can stop any threat in its tracks with just a few clicks" Robert Reading, Enterprise Network Architect, Elon University Read more XDR insights and automation ease the burden "Cisco XDR managed services has streamlined our security operations. In addition to alerting us, XDR gives us additional insights and even fixes some of the issues. Having that extra level of support where we're not having to be up day and night worried about things is huge for our district." Shawntee Cowan, Chief Technology Officer, Mansfield Independent School District Read more Enhanced security operations "Cisco XDR puts us on par with professional organizations that have dedicated incident response at a fraction of the cost. We now have a better way of protecting data and servicing our clients.” Timothy Mullen, Director of IT, George Sink Injury Lawyers Read more Strengthening cybersecurity in healthcare "The automated playbooks help us quickly respond to incidents, containing threats before they escalate and ensuring our network remains safe.” Gennaro Sirico, IT Manager, Hospital Santobono Read more Previous Next Take the next step It's time to go from endless investigation to remediating the highest priority incidents with greater speed, efficiency, and confidence. Join our demo webinar Talk to an expert Quick Links About Cisco Contact Us Careers Connect with a partner Resources and Legal Feedback Help Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies / Do not sell or share my personal data Accessibility Trademarks Supply Chain Transparency Newsroom Sitemap © Cisco Systems, Inc.