Endpoint, Cloud & Identity Security Products | CrowdStrike Skip to Main Content CrowdStrike 2026 Global Threat Report: The definitive threat intelligence report for the AI era Download report Experienced a breach? Blog Contact us Careers Latest Innovations Platform Services Solutions Why CrowdStrike Resources Pricing 4 Upcoming events Oct 8 Conference CrowdTour Find a city near you Mar 18 Conference Fal.Con Gov 2026 Washington, D.C. Mar 26 Conference RSAC 2026 San Francisco, CA Sep 1 Summit Day Zero 2026 Las Vegas, NV View all events Login Your Cart Added to Cart There's nothing in your cart Explore products per endpoint / per year per endpoint / per month - + View Order{cartSize} Continue Shopping Start free trial Platform Services Solutions Why CrowdStrike Resources Pricing Login Experienced a breach? Contact us Start free trial Back Tailored bundles to stop breaches Flexible pricing, your way — pay monthly or save with annual billing. Need help? Contact us: (888) 512-8906 Monthly pricing Annual pricing Try for 15 days Falcon Free Trial Free No credit card required Start free trial Next-Gen Antivirus Protects against all types of threats, from malware and ransomware to sophisticated attacks, and deploys in minutes, immediately protecting your endpoints. Device Control Provides the visibility and precise control required to enable safe usage of removable media devices such as USB, SD card, and Thunderbolt devices across your organization. Mobile Device Protection Safeguards your business from mobile threats with advanced protection that detects malicious activity and prevents unauthorized access on Android and iOS devices. Firewall Management Endpoint Detection and Response Threat Intelligence & Hunting Identity Protection IT Hygiene Next-Gen SIEM Express Support Available to assist small and medium businesses with installation and operational concerns. Security Essentials Falcon Go $7.99 per device, billed monthly 1 Add to cart Try free Next-Gen Antivirus Protects against all types of threats, from malware and ransomware to sophisticated attacks, and deploys in minutes, immediately protecting your endpoints. Device Control Provides the visibility and precise control required to enable safe usage of removable media devices such as USB, SD card, and Thunderbolt devices across your organization. Mobile Device Protection Safeguards your business from mobile threats with advanced protection that detects malicious activity and prevents unauthorized access on Android and iOS devices. Firewall Management Endpoint Detection and Response Threat Intelligence & Hunting Identity Protection IT Hygiene Next-Gen SIEM Express Support Available to assist small and medium businesses with installation and operational concerns. Enhanced Protection Falcon Pro $14.99 per device, billed monthly Add to cart Try free Next-Gen Antivirus Protects against all types of threats, from malware and ransomware to sophisticated attacks, and deploys in minutes, immediately protecting your endpoints. Device Control Provides the visibility and precise control required to enable safe usage of removable media devices such as USB, SD card, and Thunderbolt devices across your organization. Mobile Device Protection Safeguards your business from mobile threats with advanced protection that detects malicious activity and prevents unauthorized access on Android and iOS devices. Firewall Management Delivers simple, centralized host firewall management, making it easy to manage and control host firewall policies. Endpoint Detection and Response Threat Intelligence & Hunting Identity Protection IT Hygiene Next-Gen SIEM Express Support Available to assist small and medium businesses with installation and operational concerns. Advanced Protection Falcon Enterprise $19.99 per device, billed monthly Add to cart Try free Next-Gen Antivirus Protects against all types of threats, from malware and ransomware to sophisticated attacks, and deploys in minutes, immediately protecting your endpoints. Device Control Provides the visibility and precise control required to enable safe usage of removable media devices such as USB, SD card, and Thunderbolt devices across your organization. Mobile Device Protection Safeguards your business from mobile threats with advanced protection that detects malicious activity and prevents unauthorized access on Android and iOS devices. Firewall Management Delivers simple, centralized host firewall management, making it easy to manage and control host firewall policies. Endpoint Detection and Response Delivers continuous, comprehensive endpoint visibility and automatically detects and intelligently prioritizes malicious activity to ensure nothing is missed and potential breaches are stopped. Threat Intelligence & Hunting Partners you with a team of elite cybersecurity experts to hunt continuously within the Falcon platform for faint signs of sophisticated intrusions, leaving attackers nowhere to hide. Identity Protection IT Hygiene Next-Gen SIEM Express Support Available to assist small and medium businesses with installation and operational concerns. Falcon Complete Next-Gen MDR Fully Managed Protection Falcon Complete Next-Gen MDR 24/7 expert-led, AI-accelerated managed detection and response (MDR) Even more add-on modules available, such as Next-Gen Identity Security and Next-Gen SIEM CrowdStrike Breach Prevention Warranty Contact sales Schedule a demo Try for 15 days Falcon Free Trial Free No credit card required Start free trial Next-Gen Antivirus Protects against all types of threats, from malware and ransomware to sophisticated attacks, and deploys in minutes, immediately protecting your endpoints. Device Control Provides the visibility and precise control required to enable safe usage of removable media devices such as USB, SD card, and Thunderbolt devices across your organization. Mobile Device Protection Safeguards your business from mobile threats with advanced protection that detects malicious activity and prevents unauthorized access on Android and iOS devices. Firewall Management Endpoint Detection and Response Threat Intelligence & Hunting Identity Protection IT Hygiene Next-Gen SIEM Express Support Available to assist small and medium businesses with installation and operational concerns. Security Essentials Falcon Go $59.99 per device, billed annually 1 Add to cart Try free Next-Gen Antivirus Protects against all types of threats, from malware and ransomware to sophisticated attacks, and deploys in minutes, immediately protecting your endpoints. Device Control Provides the visibility and precise control required to enable safe usage of removable media devices such as USB, SD card, and Thunderbolt devices across your organization. Mobile Device Protection Safeguards your business from mobile threats with advanced protection that detects malicious activity and prevents unauthorized access on Android and iOS devices. Firewall Management Endpoint Detection and Response Threat Intelligence & Hunting Identity Protection IT Hygiene Next-Gen SIEM Express Support Available to assist small and medium businesses with installation and operational concerns. Enhanced Protection Falcon Pro $99.99 per device, billed annually Add to cart Try free Next-Gen Antivirus Protects against all types of threats, from malware and ransomware to sophisticated attacks, and deploys in minutes, immediately protecting your endpoints. Device Control Provides the visibility and precise control required to enable safe usage of removable media devices such as USB, SD card, and Thunderbolt devices across your organization. Mobile Device Protection Safeguards your business from mobile threats with advanced protection that detects malicious activity and prevents unauthorized access on Android and iOS devices. Firewall Management Delivers simple, centralized host firewall management, making it easy to manage and control host firewall policies. Endpoint Detection and Response Threat Intelligence & Hunting Identity Protection IT Hygiene Next-Gen SIEM Express Support Available to assist small and medium businesses with installation and operational concerns. Advanced Protection Falcon Enterprise $184.99 per device, billed annually Add to cart Try free Next-Gen Antivirus Protects against all types of threats, from malware and ransomware to sophisticated attacks, and deploys in minutes, immediately protecting your endpoints. Device Control Provides the visibility and precise control required to enable safe usage of removable media devices such as USB, SD card, and Thunderbolt devices across your organization. Mobile Device Protection Safeguards your business from mobile threats with advanced protection that detects malicious activity and prevents unauthorized access on Android and iOS devices. Firewall Management Delivers simple, centralized host firewall management, making it easy to manage and control host firewall policies. Endpoint Detection and Response Delivers continuous, comprehensive endpoint visibility and automatically detects and intelligently prioritizes malicious activity to ensure nothing is missed and potential breaches are stopped. Threat Intelligence & Hunting Partners you with a team of elite cybersecurity experts to hunt continuously within the Falcon platform for faint signs of sophisticated intrusions, leaving attackers nowhere to hide. Identity Protection IT Hygiene Next-Gen SIEM Express Support Available to assist small and medium businesses with installation and operational concerns. Falcon Complete Next-Gen MDR Fully Managed Protection Falcon Complete Next-Gen MDR 24/7 expert-led, AI-accelerated managed detection and response (MDR) Even more add-on modules available, such as Next-Gen Identity Security and Next-Gen SIEM CrowdStrike Breach Prevention Warranty Contact sales Schedule a demo Compare all CrowdStrike bundles Monthly pricing Annual pricing Falcon Go Falcon Pro Falcon Enterprise Falcon Complete Monthly price $7.99 per device 1 $14.99 per device $19.99 per device Contact sales Add to cart Try free Add to cart Try free Add to cart Try free Contact us Schedule a demo Falcon Go Falcon Pro Falcon Enterprise Falcon Complete Annual price $59.99 per device 1 $99.99 per device $184.99 per device Contact sales Add to cart Try free Add to cart Try free Add to cart Try free Contact us Schedule a demo Intel chooses CrowdStrike to secure their endpoints Jac Noel, Principal Engineer & Security Architect, Intel Corporation Intel chooses CrowdStrike to secure their endpoints “Within three weeks, we completely took the old solutions out of the environment and brought CrowdStrike in.” Hear their story Need help customizing a plan or financing? We're here for you. Falcon Flex What you want. When you want. At the best price. Falcon Flex Access the entire CrowdStrike product portfolio. Swap modules annually. Deploy and pay for what you need. Learn more Contact us CrowdStrike Financial Services Financing tailored to your business CrowdStrike Financial Services Adopt the CrowdStrike Falcon platform with tailored financing from CrowdStrike Financial Services. Learn more Contact us FAQ's Are there extra fees besides the annual subscription cost? No. Your subscription is billed annually, with the full amount due at the start of the subscription period. There are no other fees or charges beyond the annual subscription cost. You can cancel within 30 days for a full refund. Optional, bundle add-ons may be purchased for an additional cost. Can I pay monthly? Yes. Falcon Go, Pro, and Enterprise are available with monthly billing. You can also choose annual billing for the best value. View our bundles for monthly pricing. Can I upgrade my product bundle or add more products at any time? Product add-ons are available and can be purchased at any time but vary by bundle type. To upgrade your bundle, contact us at subscriptions@crowdstrike.com . How does the free trial work? Our 15-day free trial provides access to CrowdStrike Falcon® Prevent (next-gen antivirus), CrowdStrike Falcon® Device Control, and Express Support. Submit the free trial form and get access within 24 hours. Then install the Falcon sensor and view three test detections to see how the CrowdStrike Falcon® platform protects your environment. Try out more modules at no extra cost. What operating systems does CrowdStrike support? The CrowdStrike Falcon® platform supports Windows, MacOS, and Linux operating systems. For a complete list of supported operating systems and versions, visit our p latform FAQ page . What type of support does CrowdStrike provide? Falcon Go, Pro, and Enterprise include Express Support. This provides enhanced support with extended coverage hours and direct access to technical account managers, ensuring rapid resolution of any deployment or operational issues. Express Support is also available as an add-on for Falcon Elite and Falcon Complete MDR. Still have questions? Contact us or call 1-888-512-8906 (US). 1 Purchases of Falcon Go are limited to a maximum of 100 devices. See Online Order and Payment Terms . Update Cart? Update Cart? Only one bundle can be added to your cart. To add , will be removed. Cancel and keep Continue with Try CrowdStrike free for 15 days Try CrowdStrike free for 15 days Start free trial Contact us View pricing Get Started Pricing Free Trial Guide Falcon Flex Financing CrowdStrike Marketplace Company About Us Executive Leadership Board of Directors Newsroom Investor Relations CrowdStrike Racing Sustainability Partners Partner Programs Service Providers Strategic Technology Channel & Distributors Become a Partner Existing Customers Support Portal Developer Portal CrowdStrike Community Support Call 1-888-512-8906 (US) Experienced a Breach? Contact Us FAQs English (US) Deutsch English (AU) English (UK) English (US) Español (España) Español (Latinoamérica) Français Italiano Português (Brasil) عربى 日本語 繁體中文 한국어 Copyright © 2026 Privacy Cookies Your Privacy Choices Terms of Use Accessibility