Swimlane Turbine Agentic AI Automation Platform Request a Demo Why Swimlane Solutions By Use Case Common and creative use cases for low-code automation See all SOC Essentials Phishing Incident Response SIEM Triage Threat Hunting EDR Alert Triage Outside the SOC Vulnerability Management Compliance Audit Insider Threat Secure Employee Offboarding Fraud Prevention By Need The top security challenges that automation solves Automate Breach Prevention Mitigate SOC Alert Fatigue Connect Siloed Security Tools Manage SecOps Efficacy Unify Vulnerability Management By Industry Swimlane helps customers across all industries improve their security operations MSSP & MSPs Banking, Finance & Insurance Healthcare Energy & Utilities Federal Government Education, State & Local Government Retail More Products Built on the Turbine Platform A powerful AI automation platform complete with infinite integrations, AI, low-code playbooks, case management, dashboards, and reporting. Explore the Platform AI SOC Unlock a transparent and trustworthy AI SOC where every decision is explainable and every action is audible. Vulnerability Response Management Pick up where vulnerability scanners stop with smarter risk prioritization and management. Compliance Audit Readiness Transform GRC chaos from manual spreadsheets to a consolidated multi-framework compliance view. Business Continuity Management Strengthen organizational resilience with the most cost-effective solution for business continuity. Services Customer Success A team of global world class customer success managers to help along the way Professional Services Technical resources for deployment, management and optimization Training User training programs to develop skills and insights Support Support programs and user communities for help when you need it Resources Blog Get the scoop on the latest trends and perspectives shaping the automation community Knowledge Center Find all the information you need about using Swimlane Swimlane ROI Calculator Calculate your savings using Swimlane Resource Center One-stop-shop for the content you need to learn more about security automation Whitepapers Reports eBooks Joint Solution Briefs Videos Datasheets Webinars Infographics Case Studies Demo Center About About News Leadership Customers Trust Center Careers Brand Contact Us Partners Channel Partners Technology Alliances Become a Partner Swimlane University Partner Portal Contact Blog Support English English Français Deutsch 日本語 한국어 Português Español search Request a Demo Turbine, the Agentic AI Automation Platform Introducing the most flexible and scalable agentic AI automation platform for AI SOC workflows, vulnerability management, compliance audits, and beyond. Request a Demo Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Your browser does not support HTML5 video. AI AGENTS Power your SOC workforce with a fleet of AI agents designed to augment specific skills. Generative & Agentic AI Case Management Low-Code Playbooks Active Sensing Fabric Cloud-Native Architecture Infinite Integrations Dashboards & Reporting Turn AI Commands into Automated Action Get clear direction and drive action from your most intricate security challenges with Hero AI. Unlock incident response AI agents and a private agentic AI companion to speed and simplify security triage. Learn More Incident Response in Real-Time Boost your incident response capabilities with the industry’s most robust and customizable AI-driven case management application. Domain expert AI agents will help cut your MTTR in half. Learn More Unleash Automation with Ease Empower your security team with Turbine Canvas, the world’s first ultra-simple playbook and AI agent builder, designed to automate processes across your entire organization. Learn More Massive Scale, Rapid Response Move beyond SOAR. Turbine delivers distributed big data ingestion, vast throughput, and immense processing power, letting you extend your visibility and halt threats in their tracks. Learn More Tired of Slow Automation? Only Turbine delivers the cloud scale and speed your business needs, executing 25 million daily actions for a single customer. Learn More Seamless API Connections Break free from vendor lock-in! Swimlane Marketplace offers an ever-expanding list of pre-built connectors, so you can integrate with any API in your environment. Learn More See Your Security Posture, Clearly Gain instant visibility into your security performance. Our customizable dashboards and AI-augmented reporting make it simple to measure KPIs, prove ROI, maintain compliance, and keep stakeholders informed. Learn More Security Automation Solutions, Powered by Turbine AI SOC Automation Power your security workforce with an AI SOC and deep agents that ensure every AI decision is explainable and action is auditable. Learn More Vulnerability Response Management Don’t just scan, prioritize. We provide the intelligent tools you need to take over where vulnerability scanners stop, offering smarter risk prioritization and management. Learn More Compliance Audit Readiness Say goodbye to messy spreadsheets. Get a consolidated, multi-framework view of compliance and transform your GRC chaos into clarity with Swimlane. Learn More Business Continuity Management Manage business disruption with precision. Centralize impact assessments, streamline communication, and build lasting resilience with Swimlane. Learn More Request a Live Demo Thousands of quick wins for AI automation From integrations to playbooks, and dashboard widgets to full-blown solutions, Swimlane Marketplace features the most extensive collection of AI automation building blocks. Explore Swimlane Marketplace ROW - 01 Microsoft Exchange, Teams, Sentinel, Graph, AD, Azure, 365 Security & more Check Point Software Over 40 capabilities across Checkpoint R-80 API + Reputation API AWS EC2, IAM, CloudWatch, Config, GuardDuty, SecurityHub, S3 & more Cisco IronPort, ThreatResponse, AMP, Umbrella, Meraki, Firepower & more CrowdStrike CrowdStrike Falcon, Hybrid Analysis Sandbox & Identity Protection Fortinet Integrated with FortiSIEM, FortiGATE, FortiMANAGER, and FortiEDR Elastic Elastic Security, Elasticsearch (V6, V7, V8), and Elastic Endgame Netskope NetskopeAPI (V1/V2) to manage events, alerts, reports & policies Dataminr Turbine alert ingestion for automated early warnings use cases Google VirusTotal, Workspace, Chronicle, Compute, Big Query & Mandiant KnowBe4 Integrations with PhishER and Enterprise Security Nozomi Networks Vulnerability Management and Response for Operational Technology ROW - 02 Okta Okta API integration to manage users, applications, and groups PagerDuty Ingesting users, teams, services, policies & creating incidents Palo Alto Networks CortexXDR, AutoFocus, Wildfire, Panorama, URLFiltering, and more! Recorded Future Deep integration on intelligence, vulnerabilities, and cred dumps SentinelOne Singularity XDR Platform, DataSet, & BOTsink (Formerly Attivo) Tenable Integrates Tenable.io, Tenable.SC & Nessus Vulnerability Scanner Trend Micro Integrate Vision One, Deep Discovery, Apex Central & TippingPoint Zscaler Integration for IOC filtering, blocklists, lookups & reporting Splunk Get data, edit notable events, and perform oneshot with Splunk Mimecast Elastic Security, Elasticsearch (V6, V7, V8), and Elastic Endgame VMware Integrations with Workspace ONE & 6 VMware Carbon Black Products Tanium Add automation with Tanium and Tanium's Threat Response package Choose the Right AI Automation Plan for You We know automation isn't one-size-fits-all, and neither is our pricing. Most customers discover their ideal, cost-effective solution within our tiered enterprise and MSSP pricing options below. Need something unique? If you're looking for a custom plan or user-based pricing, simply contact our sales team . We're here to help you find the perfect fit! Enterprise Pricing Whether you’re automating SOC workflows for the first time or replacing a legacy SOAR solution, we have packages that can help you mature and maximize the ROI of AI automation at your organization. Learn More → MSSP Pricing From early-stage managed service providers to global technology advisory firms, we have packages to scale your business and improve your cost of goods sold. Learn More → The ROI of Security Automation An independent return on investment (ROI) study conducted by TAG Cyber revealed 240% ROI for the Turbine agentic AI automation platform. Try this calculator to quickly estimate your organization's ROI with Swimlane. Swimlane. Calculate our ROI Don't Take Our Word For It Major security-forward organizations including Bloomberg, Sagicor and Toshiba are advancing the operations of their security organization with Swimlane. Trusted By Trusted Globally by Fortune 100 Companies I would recommend Swimlane to my peers, to all security operations departments, and even to the C-level. It gives you a very robust look into the environment and gives your analysts the ability to work efficiently within a single platform. Case Study Jonathan Kennedy CISO The ease of use and visual user experience of Swimlane Turbine’s playbooks lowers the barrier of entry for analysts to be successful automators. With Turbine, we’ve seen that tier one analysts can build playbooks two to three times faster than they can with other solutions. Using Turbine will enable us to spend more time on our customers instead of building or managing solutions. Case Study Zach Tiekling Chief Cyber Forensicator I would recommend Swimlane to my peers because it's a vendor-agnostic tool that allows you to automate repetitive tasks, provide a method to generate consistent reporting from your tools, and even allow you to build new capabilities with a little bit of creativity across your toolset. Case Study Shawn McBurnie Head of IT/OT Security and Compliance With Swimlane, we didn't have to try and fit our outcome into a preconceived box that had already been developed. Swimlane allowed us to build something that worked for us and how we operate. Case Study Matt Helling Head of Cybersecurity Learn More About Swimlane Turbine View All Resources White Paper SANS Product Review: Swimlane for Incident Response and Visibility Read More White Paper Swimlane Turbine Cloud-Native Architecture Read More Report Analyst Report: AI SOC for MDR Read More Demo Video Meet the Hero AI Verdict Agent Read More Agentic AI automation for every security function © 2026 Swimlane Inc. All rights reserved. Legal Resources Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Services Customer Success Your Swimlane Implementation Checklist Training Support Resources Blog Resource Center Knowledge Center Partners Channel Partners Technology Alliances Become A Partner Solutions BY NEED Automate Breach Prevention Mitigate SOC Alert Fatigue Connect Siloed Security Tools Assess SecOps Efficacy BY INDUSTRY Banking, Finance & Insurance Healthcare Energy & Utilities Federal Government Education, State & Local Government MSSP & MSPs Retail BY USE CASE Phishing Incident Response SIEM Triage Threat Hunting EDR Alert Triage Platform Swimlane Turbine CAPABILITIES Active Sensing Fabric Autonomous Integrations Adaptable Low-Code Playbooks Actionable Insights About About Swimlane News Events The Voice of Swimlane Customers Trust Center Leadership Careers Brand Contact Us Legal We've detected you might be speaking a different language. Do you want to change to: English English Français Deutsch 日本語 한국어 Português Español Change Language Close and do not switch language We've detected you might be speaking a different language. Do you want to change to: English English Français Deutsch 日本語 한국어 Português Español Change Language