--> AI SOC Platform | Scale and Optimize Your Security Operations with Agentic AI --> Radiant is returning to Black Hat 2025 to put an end to false positives. --> --> Meet the team → --> --> --> --> RSA 2026. We’re ready. Are you? Platform Overview Learn more about how our Agentic AI SOC platform works Integrations Unify your stack with Radiant’s extensive integrations Solutions Use Cases See how Radiant powers every SOC process Radiant for MSSPs End-to-end SOC automation for MSSPs Customers Company About Us Meet the team and vision behind Radiant's AI SOC platform Careers Learn about our culture, benefits, and global career opportunities Partnerships Partner with Radiant to accelerate SOC innovation Newsroom Press releases and industry awards Resources Blog AI, security and the future of SOC SOC Academy Education for beginners and experts MSSP Vs. MSP AI Agents in the SOC Outsourced SOC MSSP Pricing Models SOC Automation SOC Metrics & KPIs What is an MSSP? MSSP Vs. MDR Webinars Expert panels on the modern SOC Videos Interviews, demos and more Guides & Reports Resources for driving SOC success Book a Demo Log In --> Radiant is returning to Black Hat 2025 to put an end to false positives. --> --> Meet the team → --> --> --> --> Scale and optimize your SOC with Agentic AI Automate and upgrade every process with speed, intelligence, and unmatched efficiency. Triage any alert, respond to threats with 1-click, and reduce SecOps costs. Book a Demo Loved by innovative security teams The intelligent layer between your tools and your team The intelligent layer between your tools and your team Scale detection and response by letting our AI SOC handle investigations for 100% of alerts while analysts focus on strategic tasks. AI SOC that triages every alert Automated and consistent investigation for all alert types, known and unknown, at the speed and scale of AI. Radiant filters out the noise from your analysts and escalates only real threats for review. See How Transparent reasoning for every AI decision Every escalation and dismissal includes full traceability and investigation context: which data sources were queried, what patterns were detected, and why the AI reached its conclusion. See How Executable response plans Respond to every escalated incident within minutes without creating playbooks. Automate for future incidents, or launch manually with one click to maintain full analyst control. See How A security data lake without SIEM constraints Store, search, and analyze all your security logs in one place with unlimited retention and zero vendor lock-in. Reduce logging costs by up to 85% with transparent, predictable, and scalable pricing. See How Triage all alerts. Only with Radiant. AI Triage and research agents investigate every alert, across every use case, with the depth and reasoning of your best analyst. Email Endpoint Identity Network Cloud Insider Threat SIEM WAF DLP OT/IOT Dark Web Supply Chain Email Endpoint Identity Network Cloud Insider Threat SIEM WAF DLP OT/IOT Dark Web Supply Chain Learn more What security leaders say? "Radiant’s ability to reduce observable risk in our environment is truly impressive. It helps us tackle real business problems like minimizing our attack surface and lowering our mean time to remediation." Eric Sanchez Global CISO “Radiant Security consistently goes above and beyond to adapt to our specific security needs, their leadership team is closely involved, and every custom request is taken seriously and delivered in a short time” Josh Lanners Director, IT Ops and Security “Thanks to Radiant, we can now focus on our customer's real threats instead of drowning in alert noise.” Gregory Morawietz Owner "Our mean time to detect is 10X better than the industry average, and our mean time to respond is 2X better. We're saving between 200-300 hours a month. Michael Butler Director of Information Security Operations ”As much as I would like to keep Radiant a secret for my own competitive advantage, I would definitely recommend it to any MSSP who is serious about their cybersecurity.” Grigoriy Milis CIO The operating system for modern SOC teams Scale and optimize your security operations without stressing your team or your budget. Book a Demo What makes Radiant unique The only AI platform that centralizes, automates, and adapts every SOC workflow for speed, scale, and accuracy, without overloading your team or your budget. Centralized SOC Operations Bring triage, response, and logging into one platform. Eliminate silos and keep your SOC operating seamlessly. Complete Alert Coverage Investigate 100% of alerts with AI triage and research agents. Every escalation includes transparent and trusted reasoning. Cost-efficient Security Scale response without scaling headcount. Flat-rate pricing and built-in log management deliver predictable, sustainable economics. Influence over AI Enrich investigations with your own context, thresholds, and policies. Customize AI for better environment-specific accuracy. Integrates everywhere With 100+ plug and play API connectors , Radiant provides the most comprehensive integrations to your tech stack. Join the future of SOC Book a Demo Compliant and secure. Enterprise ready. Platform Overview Integrations Solutions Use Cases Radiant for MSSPs Customers Success Stories Company About us Careers Partnerships Press release and awards Resources Blog Webinars Videos Guides & Reports SOC Academy Copyright © 2026, Radiant Security, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Trust Terms of Use Privacy Policy