Lumu Defender: Automating Threat Defense ｜Lumu Technologies --> Skip to content Live Training | What's New in Lumu Defender Register Now X Already have an account? Sign in Sign in ","library":"fa-solid"}}" data-widget_type="nav-menu.default"> Business MSP English Português Spanish Business MSP English Português Spanish Product Close Product Open Product BY PRODUCT SecOps Platform Defender Autopilot Archive Discover Maltiverse By Use Case Network Detection and Response Threat Hunting SecOps EDR Evasion Autonomous Incident Management Attack Surface Assessment Log Storage Threat Intelligence By Industry Enterprise State and Local Government Financial Services K-12 & Education Healthcare For MSPs MSP / MSSPs Testimonials Integrations Resources Blog FAQ Request Access Resources Close Resources Open Resources Customer Stories Videos How to Reports More Resources Main Menu Blog Partners Resellers Ecosystem Company About us Investors Get FREE Account Product Close Product Open Product By Product SecOps Platform Defender Autopilot Archive Discover Maltiverse By Use Case Network Detection and Response Threat Hunting SecOps EDR Evasion Autonomous Incident Management Attack Surface Assessment Log Storage Threat Intelligence By Industry Enterprise State and Local Government Financial Services K12 & Education Healthcare For MSPs MSP / MSSPs Testimonials Integratios Resources Blog FAQ Request Access Resources Close Resources Open Resources Customer Stories Videos How to Reports More Resources Blog Partners Close Partners Open Partners Resellers Ecosystem Company Close Company Open Company About Us Investors Get FREE Account ","library":"fa-solid"}}" data-widget_type="nav-menu.default"> English Português Spanish English Português Spanish Home » Blog » Lumu Defender: Automating Threat Defense Product Lumu Defender: Automating Threat Defense Ricardo Villadiego July 20, 2021 Reading Time: 3 mins Lumu Defender lets you feed Lumu's confirmed compromise instances into your existing cybersecurity stack for an automated response to cyber threats. Table of Contents We are firm believers that detecting compromises at speed is key to reducing the impact of cybercrime. However, detection means nothing if you’re not able to respond by mitigating and remediating those threats. Our customers have told us of their desire to better automate and orchestrate their defenses with Lumu’s confirmed compromise incidents. This closely aligns with our vision for improving cyberdefenses everywhere with Continuous Compromise Assessment®. Lumu Defender is the tier of Lumu offerings that completes this vision. Closing the Feedback Loop In control theory, there are two types of systems. In open-loop systems, the output does not affect the system. In closed-loop systems, the output of the system is fed back into the system to augment and perfect the system itself. Traditionally, cybersecurity functions as an open-loop system where additional tools, processes, and techniques are added to systems with no regard to how they affect the performance—and ultimately the output—of the system. This is one of the driving factors for why we see the cost of cybersecurity keep increasing, while the incidence rate of catastrophic compromises and associated breaches—far from decreasing—keeps increasing. At Lumu, we believe it is of critical importance to gauge the output of the cybersecurity system—measured in individual compromise incidents and collectively as an organization’s level of compromise. This output must be used to measure the effectiveness of tools in the cybersecurity stack and to identify where further investment is needed. Lumu already offers the ability to see this information and use it to augment systems manually. With Lumu Defender, you can now adopt a more dynamic defense posture and automate the process of closing the feedback loop in your cybersecurity system with confirmed compromise incidents. Where Defender Fits Among Lumu’s Offerings Lumu Free offers a taste of Continuous Compromise Assessment through limited network metadata collection. Lumu Insights goes further by collecting more diverse sources of metadata and offering additional options for how that metadata is collected. It also includes a year’s worth of metadata storage. In both cases, all that metadata is correlated and analyzed using the Illumination Process® and delivers confirmed compromise incidents in the Lumu Portal. The addition of compromise context (playbooks, TTPs, and third-party resources expanding on the detected compromise) gives additional agency to SOCs when mitigating and remediating the threats detected by Lumu Lumu Defender is a critical tier of the Continuous Compromise Assessment model, as it completes Lumu’s vision of closing the feedback loop in cybersecurity. A truly proficient cybersecurity operation requires collecting information on the cybersecurity architecture’s performance and using that information to continuously improve the system. Lumu already measures the output of the system: its level of compromise. Now, with Lumu Defender, you can augment the capabilities of current cybersecurity investments with confirmed compromise information. Lumu Insights or Lumu Defender – Which Is Best for You? Defender includes all the features offered by Lumu Insights, and adds the ability to integrate Lumu’s real-time analysis into responses. Sending the confirmed compromise instances collected by Lumu allows SOC teams to operationalize the concept of ‘block first, and investigate later.’ The SOC team will always be the ultimate decision maker. However, through automation, the threat actor’s window of opportunity can be drastically shortened, especially in cases where the attack occurs outside of normal working hours. Lumu Defender Integrations Lumu Defender comes with out-of-the-box and custom integrations. These integrations will allow you to send Lumu’s confirmed compromise instances via API to any third-party tool for automated mitigation and remediation. Custom integrations allow endless possibilities of integrations with blocking lists, firewalls, SIEMs, and far more. To get a feature-by-feature comparison of Lumu’s Continuous Compromise Assessment tiers, visit our plans and pricing page . When you’re ready to start automating the power of Continuous Compromise Assessment in your defenses, contact us at [email protected] to upgrade to Lumu Defender. continuous compromise assessment , editor's picks , feature post , lumu defender Subscribe to Our Blog Get the latest cybersecurity articles and insights straight from the experts. Thank you for Signing Up Please correct the marked field(s) below. 1,true,6,Lead Email,2 Ricardo Villadiego Ricardo Villadiego is a Cybersecurity Investor and Entrepreneur with over 15 years of experience in security. He is the Founder & CEO of Lumu Technologies, a company dedicated to illuminating threats and attacks using actionable intelligence. Ricardo previously founded Easy Solutions, Inc., serving as its CEO for nearly a decade. His executive career includes high-level management positions such as EVP & GM Security and Fraud and Regional Director. His key technical skills include Network Security and Vulnerability Management. Ricardo holds an honors degree in Electronic Engineering. All Author Posts Share this post RELATED POSTS Trends Automating Defense: The 2026 Battle Plan for Understaffed School IT Reading Time: 4 mins The Education sector is the number one global cyber target. It is clearer than ever that manual defense is failing. We look at how to automate detection and response and win the battle. Trends Redefining Proactive Security: Why Contact Is Not a Compromise Reading Time: 5 mins Contact is not compromise. True proactivity means prioritizing rapid response not blindly relying on prevention Attacks Advisory Alert: AsyncRAT – Analysis, Evolution, and Defense Strategies Reading Time: 6 mins AsyncRAT is an adaptable open-source Trojan that has evolved into a global threat. We look at how it works and the best way to defend against it. Explore More Content Attacks Events Product Technical Trends Stories PRODUCT What is Lumu? Benefits Cybersecurity Stack Key Features Customers Saying Industry Validation Use Cases Corporate Pricing Take a Tour FAQ PARTNERS Resellers MSP/MSSP Ecosystem RESOURCES Case Studies Datasheets Enlightenment Briefs Infographics Podcasts Press Releases Reports User Guides Videos Whitepapers Academy COMPANY About Us Blog Investors Events Careers Contact SUPPORT User Guide Videos Contact TRENDING NDR Lateral Movement SecOps Tools Threat Hunting Ransomware Playbook State & Local Government Cybersecurity for Schools Cybersecurity for Financial Institutions Facebook-f X-twitter Linkedin-in Instagram Youtube © Lumu Technologies All rights reserved. | Legal information . Join our pre-day workshop waitlist First Name (required) Last Name (required) Company Name (required) Company Email (required) Company Phone Number (required) By clicking “Submit Request” you agree to the Lumu Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Submit Request