Transform Endpoint Security with Cortex XDR - Palo Alto Networks Industry Validation Products Solutions Blog Resources Get In Touch Request a Demo Search All Tech Docs CORTEX XDR Secure every endpoint and reduce your risk Industry-leading prevention. Unmatched detection. The foundation of the AI-driven SOC. Take a tour of Cortex XDR Schedule a demo RECOMMENDED Endpoint Security for Commercial Businesses Read now Symphony 2026: The Agentic SOC Summit Watch now The Bold Evolution of Cortex XDR Watch now Threat Vector Investigates: Watch the Series Watch now Introducing Cortex AgentiX: Meet Your AI Agent Workforce Watch now Cortex XDR and Unit 42 MDR: Working as One Discover now 2025 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Endpoint Protection Platforms Get the report Solution Managed Services Industry Validation Customers Resources Engage with us Solution Managed Services Industry Validation Customers Resources Engage with us The New Standard for Endpoint Security Best IN PREVENTION Reduce risk with industry-leading prevention. Only market leader to achieve 99% in both threat prevention and response in the 2025 AV Comparatives EPR Test. 100 % DETECTION Save analyst time with unmatched detection accuracy , proven by 100% detection with no delays or config. changes in MITRE ATT&CK Evals Round 6. ONE PLATFORM Lower operational overhead with a single data lake, setting the foundation for Cortex XSIAM, the unified AI-driven SOC platform. Endpoint Security Powered by AI Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Cortex XDR Detect More Attacks in Real Time with AI Endpoints are the #1 target, but 84% of attacks span multiple vectors. Cortex XDR ® connects data from endpoint, network, cloud, identity, and email sources and applies AI to detect and prioritize cyberattacks, no matter where they come from. Cortex XDR Prevent Endpoint Threats with Industry-Leading Accuracy Cyberattacks will try to compromise your endpoints in multiple ways, and you have to be ready. Cortex XDR features prevention modules tailored to stop every technique used in modern attacks, from zero-day exploits to fileless malware, hijacking legitimate processes — and whatever comes next. Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Cortex XDR Get to the Root Cause and Cut Investigation Time to Minutes Once an adversary gains initial access, the race is on. Uncover the execution path of every alert and run native automation to disrupt the attack in minutes. The Cortex AgentiX Assistant equips your SOC with a fleet of adaptive AI agents that investigate and respond at machine speed. Cortex XDR One Agent. Total Protection. Expand XDR with industry-leading NG-SIEM, Endpoint Data Loss Prevention, Exposure Management, Email Security, and Cloud Security—all unified within a single analyst experience on the Cortex Platform. Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Get 24/7 Expert-Managed Endpoint Defense with Cortex XDR + Unit 42 Services Managed Detection and Response Unit 42 MDR operates natively inside your Cortex XDR tenant to proactively hunt, monitor, and remediate. Learn more Managed Threat Hunting Combining Unit 42 threat intelligence and Cortex XDR’s AI-driven analytics, our team reduces noise and validates threats for earlier, more accurate attack detection. Learn more Incident Response Unit 42 incident response experts will help you understand the nature of the attack and then quickly contain, remediate and eradicate it. Learn more Cyber Risk Management Assess and test your security controls against threats that represent the biggest security risk to your organization. Learn more Product Tour A Recognized Leader in all major evaluations Honored by analysts Named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Endpoint Protection Platforms Get the report Named a Leader in The Forrester Wave™: Extended Detection And Response Platforms, Q2 2024 Get the report 100% Detection in MITRE ATT&CK: Enterprise Evaluations Round 6 See how we did Explore the Prevention and Detection Efficacy of Cortex XDR through Third-Party Testing Explore the results of the MITRE Evaluations from the past six years. See how Cortex XDR Performed in the latest MITRE Evaluation Approved: AV-Comparatives Anti-Tampering Certified: AV-Comparatives EDR Detection Validation AAA-Rated with 100% Prevention in the July 2025 SE Labs Ransomware Test The Only Market Leader with 99% Prevention in the 2025 AVC EPR Test. Symphony 2026: The Agentic SOC Summit Watch now Trusted by the best At first, our management didn’t believe Cortex XDR could beat the other top vendors in our internal testing. We had to run the test 3 times to prove that it outperformed every other EDR—and it did each time. — VP, Security Platforms, Fortune 500 IT Services Company See all customer stories 01 A Modernized SOC revolutionizes Asante Health’s visibility and efficiency A Modernized SOC revolutionizes Asante Health’s visibility and efficiency Asante Health slashes MTTR from weeks to minutes with modernized SOC. Read the full story 02 North Dakota IT safeguards citizens with integrated, AI-driven security operations North Dakota IT safeguards citizens with integrated, AI-driven security operations NDIT improves threat detection and response with Cortex XDR, decreasing open alerts by 99.6%. Read the full story 03 Kavak increases cybersecurity efficiency and reduces SecOps costs by 50% with Cortex XDR Kavak increases cybersecurity efficiency and reduces SecOps costs by 50% with Cortex XDR Cortex XDR provides Kavak with unparalleled protection against attacks and a five-fold increase in security productivity. Read the full story 04 Wits University protects 41,000 students with modern, AI-based security operations Wits University protects 41,000 students with modern, AI-based security operations AI security platform slashes alert volume and blocks zero-day threats. Read the full story 05 Glacier Bancorp hardens security without breaking the bank Endpoint protection that cuts MTTR by 80%. Glacier Bancorp hardens security without breaking the bank Endpoint protection that cuts MTTR by 80%. Endpoint protection that cuts MTTR by 80%. Read the full story Expert resources you can trust Video How Cortex XDR Uses Agentic AI to Block Stealthy Ransomware Attacks Watch now Whitepaper Endpoint Security for Commercial Businesses Download now Datasheet Cortex XDR for Commercial Businesses at a Glance Download now Whitepaper Endpoint First: Charting the Course to AI-Driven Security Operations Download now ANALYST REPORT 2025 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Endpoint Protection Platforms report Get the report ANALYST REPORT A 2025 Frost Radar™: Global MDR Leader, Again. See why we lead BUYER’S GUIDE The Essential Endpoint Security Buyer’s Guide Download ANALYST REPORT The Forrester Wave™: Extended Detection And Response Platforms, Q2 2024 Get the report PRODUCT DATASHEET Cortex XDR Datasheet Download now VIDEO Nir Zuk: Your SOC's Secret Weapon Against Advanced Threats Empower your SOC &reg; " class="lozad "/> &reg; " class="lozad "/> E-BOOK XDR For Dummies ® Get your copy ANALYST REPORT 2024 Gartner® Market Guide for Extended Detection and Response Get the report Previous Next Get a Demo Built to Solve Your Security Challenges Our experts are here to help you learn how you can achieve transformational endpoint security outcomes. Contact us to ask questions and get a personal demo of Cortex XDR. recaptcha --> First Name Last Name Email Company Job Level Job Level Job Role Job Role Phone Country Country State State Province Province Zip Code Department Let us know how we can help... Sign me up to receive news, product updates, sales outreach, event information and special offers about Palo Alto Networks and its partners. --> By submitting this form, I understand my personal data will be processed in accordance with Palo Alto Networks Privacy Statement and Terms of Use. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Continue Success! Our associates will reach out to you soon! Get the latest news, invites to events, and threat alerts Enter your email now to subscribe! Sign up By submitting this form, I understand my personal data will be processed in accordance with Palo Alto Networks Privacy Statement and Terms of Use. Sign up Products and Services AI-Powered Network Security Platform Secure AI by Design Prisma AIRS AI Access Security Cloud Delivered Security Services Advanced Threat Prevention Advanced URL Filtering Advanced WildFire Advanced DNS Security Enterprise Data Loss Prevention Enterprise IoT Security Medical IoT Security Industrial OT Security SaaS Security Next-Generation Firewalls Hardware Firewalls Software Firewalls Strata Cloud Manager SD-WAN for NGFW PAN-OS Panorama Secure Access Service Edge Prisma SASE Application Acceleration Autonomous Digital Experience Management Enterprise DLP Prisma Access Prisma Browser Prisma SD-WAN Remote Browser Isolation SaaS Security AI-Driven Security Operations Platform Cloud Security Cortex Cloud Application Security Cloud Posture Security Cloud Runtime Security Prisma Cloud AI-Driven SOC Cortex XSIAM Cortex XDR Cortex XSOAR Cortex Xpanse Unit 42 Managed Detection & Response Managed XSIAM Threat Intel and Incident Response Services Proactive Assessments Incident Response Transform Your Security Strategy Discover Threat Intelligence Company About Us Careers Contact Us Corporate Responsibility Customers Investor Relations Location Newsroom Popular Links Blog Communities Content Library Cyberpedia Event Center Manage Email Preferences Products A-Z Product Certifications Report a Vulnerability Sitemap Tech Docs Unit 42 Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Privacy Trust Center Terms of Use Documents Copyright © 2026 Palo Alto Networks. All Rights Reserved EN Select your language