AI-driven security analytics from Elastic Security | Elastic Skip to main content Open source, AI-driven security Elastic Security is open by design — transparent, affordable, and backed by a thriving user community. Detect, investigate, and respond to threats with an all-in-one solution that unifies SIEM, XDR, and cloud security, all powered by AI. Start free trial Read: 2025 state of detections Report Leader in The Forrester Wave™: Security Analytics Platforms, Q2 2025 Read the blog INDUSTRY TEST Elastic is the only vendor with 100% protection rates in all of AV‑Comparatives’ 2025 Business Security Tests. Read the blog Guided Demo Threats hide in data. Elastic finds them fast. Security is a data problem. Elastic Security’s open architecture brings unified analytics and AI to all your data — enabling detection, investigation, and response at scale without moving or duplicating data. Start tracking threats today. STEP 1: Onboard all of your data — including custom sources. STEP 2: Pinpoint attacks — with open detections. STEP 3: Neutralize threats — with AI and automation. Start free trial ALL INCLUSIVE One unified solution, built for the security analyst Modern attacks rarely stay confined to a single system, and neither should your defenses. Protect your ecosystem with an open and extensible all-in-one solution. Next-gen SIEM Detect, investigate, and respond to evolving threats with AI-driven security analytics and automation. Extend visibility across your ecosystem, and investigate years of archives in seconds. All on one all-inclusive open platform. SIEM XDR and endpoint security Prevent, detect, and respond with protection that spans endpoints and beyond — tightly integrated with your SIEM and enriched with cross-domain context and AI. XDR Cloud security Address threats and vulnerabilities across your multi-cloud environments (AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud) — with one UI and zero agents. Go beyond CDR by correlating across domains and keeping data ready for analysis. Cloud security AI for security Automate your triage, investigation, and response workflows with grounded, contextual, and transparent AI. Surface critical threats, analyze user and entity behavior, and empower every analyst. Built-in controls ensure secure, compliant data handling. AI for security PACKAGING OPTIONS Adopt it all, or go at your own pace Our security platform meets you where you are — and takes you where legacy platforms can't. Elastic Security Everything you need — SIEM, XDR, cloud security, and integrated AI — in one unified platform. No extra SKUs, no bolt-ons, no compromises. Just a single seamless experience built for the way analysts think, hunt, and respond. Elastic AI SOC Engine (EASE) A package of AI capabilities that allows you to adopt Elastic Security on your schedule, without a full rip-and-replace. Bolster your existing SIEM, EDR, and other alerting tools with AI that plugs into your data and workflows — and expand to the full platform when you're ready. DIFFERENTIATORS Built different — for defenders Elastic adapts to your data, your environment, and your budget. Run on any combination of cloud or on-prem systems, including on AWS, GCP, and Azure. GENERATIVE AI & ML Context is the multiplier Elastic brings AI into the SOC with machine learning (ML) and GenAI that aid in threat detection, triage, and investigation by adding context from your environment — and showing you the logic, the source, and the path behind every decision. OPEN DETECTION RULES Transparency you can trust Backed by an active community, all detection rules are open source and reviewed by Elastic to ensure full transparency and trust. Inspect, use, and customize with confidence — 2.3K GitHub stars and counting. OPEN SOURCE PLATFORM Open and extensible Enterprise-grade, community hardened, and built on open source Elasticsearch that's trusted by developers worldwide. Ingest any data, build custom pipelines, and integrate with your tools. Our open architecture gives you full visibility and control. XDR AT SCALE Detection that goes the distance Elastic extends detection across your ecosystem — including third-party endpoints — correlating petabytes of data at real-time speed. Built-in investigative and response tools help you trace events, pivot between related activity, and respond quickly to threats. FEDERATED SEARCH We don't defy (data) gravity Go beyond fragmented data silos with a true data mesh architecture. Cross-cluster search and searchable snapshots enable fast queries across structured and unstructured data, wherever it resides, in the cloud or on-prem, even in low-cost object storage like S3. COST-EFFECTIVE Pay for usage, not for features Affordable open source technology with usage-based pricing, no per user or endpoint fees, and a data lake that decouples storage from compute — so you can retain all the data you need without breaking the bank. No hidden costs, no surprises. DETECT, INVESTIGATE & RESPOND From data to answers, at speed and scale Elastic Security powers the full security operations lifecycle, leaving threats nowhere to hide. AI-driven attack discovery Attack Discovery mirrors the way analysts think — correlating alerts, behaviors, and attack paths with retrieval augmented generation (RAG)-based context to automatically surface threats and guide triage and investigation. Built-in conversational AI Much more than a bolt-on chatbot, Elastic AI Assistant integrates relevant environmental context (e.g., past incidents, response playbooks, backup firewall configurations, and threat research) to summarize, explain, and recommend next steps. Open rules with an open community Activate rules developed by Elastic Security Labs and continuously updated in an open repo . Elastic controls merging, so you get transparency with trust. Automatic anomaly and threat detection Run machine learning on both real-time and historical data to be alerted to critical anomalies, identity risk, and active threats. Choose from turnkey ML jobs, including UEBA , or easily customize models for your use cases — no PhD needed! Scalable security analytics Elastic handles petabytes of data. Enrich events, uncover connections, and retrace attack paths with fast, flexible ES|QL queries. Pivot instantly and analyze data in place — no backhaul delays or extra cost. XDR: Cloud and endpoint protection Prevent ransomware and malware, gather telemetry, and take action with Elastic Agent and third-party endpoint security tools. Gather it all into our SIEM for a unified view of your entire attack surface, including your cloud infrastructure. Hundreds of prebuilt integrations Parsing is our job. Stopping threats is yours. Get immediate visibility into security-relevant data across your environment with our prebuilt integrations — or build custom integrations in minutes with AI-driven Automatic Import . Backed by Elastic Security Labs From powering our product to public GitHub repos, Elastic Security Labs makes original research — on threats, generative AI, protections, and more — freely available for defenders everywhere. Explore our research You're in good company See what these SOC teams achieve Customer spotlight Proficio boosted SOC efficiency and achieved 60% growth with Elastic. Using the AI Assistant for cost-effective triage at scale, it cut investigation time by 34% and unlocked $1M in projected savings over three years. Learn more Customer spotlight UOL turbocharges its security operations, achieving 80% faster incident resolution and seamless threat management, all powered by Elastic Security. Learn more Customer spotlight By consolidating multiple tools with the full Elastic Security suite, Texas A&M automated and streamlined key processes, freeing up 100+ analyst hours every month and reducing response times by 99%. Learn more Join the chat Connect to Elastic Security's global community — from open conversations and collaboration to hardening our product through our bug bounty program. Discuss Ask questions, get answers, and be heard in our open forum. Post in our forum Slack Talk shop. Swap notes. Shape the future of Elastic Security. Join our Slack Public rules repo Explore our detection rules and suggest enhancements. Explore our rules Meetup Dive into Elastic. Learn, explore, and connect with peers. Attend a meetup Frequently asked questions What is cybersecurity? What is the Elastic Security solution? The Elastic Security solution helps teams protect, investigate, and respond to threats before damage is done. On the Search AI Platform — and fueled by advanced analytics with years of data from across your attack surface — it eliminates data silos, automates prevention and detection, and streamlines investigation and response. Learn how the Elastic Security solution can modernize SecOps at your organization. Is Elastic Security free and open? Elastic Security is powered by the Search AI Platform, built on open source Elasticsearch . The solution is free and open , so organizations can get started — and even support core SecOps workflows — at no cost. Learn the power of open security . If you want to try it for yourself, experience a free trial of Elastic Cloud . Why are businesses switching from Splunk to Elastic? If your organization needs a modern SIEM, you may be considering Elastic versus Splunk. Consider your goals: Do you need to achieve visibility across your global environment? Power advanced analytics? Support the hybrid cloud? Retiring Splunk and moving to an open and flexible solution like Elastic can help you transform your security program. Consider 5 signs you need to replace your SIEM . What is Search AI Lake? Search AI Lake enables vast storage and fast search for our serverless offering, enabling your analysts to repel threats and keeping your data secure. The fully managed cloud offering streamlines administration, enabling your SOC to scale defenses effortlessly. Leading the future of security See why Elastic was named a Leader in the Forrester Wave™: Security Analytics Platforms, Q2 2025. Download the report Follow us About us About Elastic Leadership Blog Newsroom Join us Careers Career portal How we hire Partners Find a partner Partner login Request access Become a partner Trust & Security Legal Trust center Privacy Trade Compliance Ethics & Compliance Investor relations Investor resources Governance Financials Stock Excellence Awards Previous winners Elastic{ON} Tour Become a sponsor All events About us About Elastic Leadership Blog Newsroom Join us Careers Career portal How we hire Partners Find a partner Partner login Request access Become a partner Trust & Security Legal Trust center Privacy Trade Compliance Ethics & Compliance Investor relations Investor resources Governance Financials Stock Excellence Awards Previous winners Elastic{ON} Tour Become a sponsor All events Trademarks Terms of Use Privacy Sitemap © . Elasticsearch B.V. All Rights Reserved This website and all associated content, software, discussion forums, products, and services are intended for professional use only. No consumer use of this website or its content is intended or directed. Elastic, Elasticsearch, and other related marks are trademarks, logos, or registered trademarks of Elasticsearch B.V. in the United States and other countries. Apache, Apache Lucene, Apache Hadoop, Hadoop, HDFS and the yellow elephant logo are trademarks of the Apache Software Foundation in the United States and/or other countries. All other brand names, product names, or trademarks belong to their respective owners.