Modern NDR for Modern Networks | Vectra AI Platform From Clawdbot to OpenClaw: Automation as a Digital Backdoor. Read the blog JUST PUBLISHED From Clawdbot to OpenClaw: Automation as a Digital Backdoor. Read the blog → Vectra AI、2025年ガートナーのネットワーク検知とレスポンス (NDR) のマジック・クアドラントにおいてリーダーの1社に Platform Vectra AI Platform The NDR platform that protects modern networks from modern attacks. Preemptive Protection Observability Proactive Detection & Response Network Cloud Identity Managed Services (MXDR/MDR) See our integrations Our AI Arm your security analysts with intel to stop attacks fast. Attack Signal Intelligence analyzes in real-time to show where you’re compromised right now. Our AI-driven detections SecOps Use Cases SOC Modernization SIEM Optimization IDS replacement EDR extension Cyber Resilience Cloud Identity Protection Cloud Control Plane Protection Cloud Posture Improvement Risk Management Critical Infrastructure Risk OT Environment Risk Remote Workforce Risk See all use cases Modern Attack Hub See how modern attackers exploit gaps in your defenses and what you can do to stop them. Anatomy of a Modern Attack Attack Groups Attack Techniques Assess your Security Industries Finance Healthcare Higher Education Public Sector See all industries Stop attacker progression Enforced containment across identity, devices, and network traffic with 360 Response. Learn more Compare the Vectra AI Platform against other tools EDR, SIEM, SASE, SSE, and native cloud security tools leave gaps modern attackers exploit. The Vectra AI Platform closes them. Learn more Customers Customer Success Center Support Hub Knowledge Center Product Releases Professional Services Managed Detection & Response Services Premium Support Training Customer Stories Vectra AI is named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for NDR NDR is no longer optional — it's a must for catching modern attacks. Learn why Gartner recognized Vectra AI as a Leader in both vision and ability to execute. Download Customer login Research & Insights Research Expert insights from our data scientists, security researchers, and engineers to support your learning. Security Research Expert insights on emerging threats and defenses AI Research Get AI insights for smarter threat detection Threat Briefings Threat bulletins and briefings for proactive defense Attack Labs Join our security researchers, data scientists, and analysts as we share 11+ years of security-AI research and expertise with the global cybersecurity community. See the Vectra AI Platform in action Experience how integrated signal from Vectra AI lets you see and stop sophisticated attacks other technologies miss. Watch demo video Resources Blog Breaking news and expert insights. Events & Webinars Blue Team Workshops, on-demand webinars and global events near you. Attack Labs Join our security researchers, data scientists, and analysts as we share 11+ years of security-AI research and expertise with the global cybersecurity community. Resource Center Research reports, attack anatomies, white papers, guides, datasheets and customer stories. Cybersecurity Fundamentals Detailed explanations of today's most critical cybersecurity issues, attacker techniques, and mitigation strategies. Demo Videos & Tours Vectra AI Platform Video Demo Vectra AI Platform Tour Stop a hybrid attack tour Stop a ransomware tour Stop an AWS attack tour See all self-guided tours See the Vectra AI Platform in action. See how integrated signal from Vectra AI lets you see and stop sophisticated attacks other technologies miss. Take the interactive tour Partners Find a partner Technology partners Become a partner Managed Security Service Providers (MSSPs) Resellers and Distributors Partner portal login Company About Us See why we’re the world leader in AI security Leadership Board of Directors Investors Media Coverage AI Scholars Program Contact Us Request an intro with a Vectra AI security expert Support Deployment guides, knowledge base, release notes and security announcements Vectra AI Blog Expert insight from security researchers, data scientists and engineers News releases Breaking news from Vectra AI Media room Press materials, leadership bios, logos and product images for media use Careers Join the team behind the world’s first AI-based cybersecurity platform Beyond Configuration Perfection: Redefining ‘Cloud Security’ Fixing misconfigurations isn’t enough. Over-focusing on perfection can create blind spots. Discover a smarter, holistic approach to cloud security. Read more Contact Us Request a Demo English Français Deutsch 日本語 Español Italiano Platform Customers Research & Insights Resources Partners Company English Français Deutsch 日本語 Español Italiano Log in Request a Demo Back Vectra AI Platform The NDR platform that protects modern networks from modern attacks. Preemptive Protection Observability Proactive Detection & Response Network Cloud Identity Managed Services (MXDR/MDR) See our integrations The Vectra AI Platform vs Everything Else A Comparison Guide Our AI Arm your security analysts with intel to stop attacks fast. Attack Signal Intelligence analyzes in real-time to show where you’re compromised right now. Our AI-driven detections SecOps Use Cases Modern Attack Hub Industries Back / Platform SecOps Use Cases SOC Modernization SIEM Optimization IDS replacement EDR Extension Cyber Resilience Cloud Identity Protection Cloud Control Plane Protection Cloud Posture Improvement Risk Management Critical Infrastructure Risk OT Environment Risk Remote Workforce Risk See all use cases Modern Attack Hub Anatomy of a Modern Attack Attack Groups Attack Techniques Assess your Security Assess your Security Industries Financial Higher Education Federal Healthcare See all industries Back Customer success center Customer Stories Support Hub Knowledge Center Product Releases Professional Services Managed Detection & Response Services Premium Support Training Research Expert insights from our data scientists, security researchers, and engineers to support your learning. Security Research Expert insights on emerging threats and defenses AI Research Get AI insights for smarter threat detection Threat Briefings Threat bulletins and briefings for proactive defense Attack Labs Join our security researchers, data scientists, and analysts as we share 11+ years of security-AI research and expertise with the global cybersecurity community. Resources Blog Events & Webinars Attack Labs Resource Center Cybersecurity Fundamentals Demo Videos & Tours Vectra AI Platform Video Demo Vectra AI Platform Tour Stop a hybrid attack tour Stop a ransomware tour Stop an AWS attack tour See all self-guided tours Find a Partner Technology partners Become a Partner Managed Security Service Providers (MSSPs) Resellers and Distributors About Us See why we’re the world leader in AI security Leadership Board of Directors Investors Media Coverage AI Scholars Program Contact Us Support Vectra AI Blog News releases Media Room Careers Close Your browser doesn't support HTML5 video. Request a Demo Your browser doesn't support HTML5 video. the new way to ndr The leading AI-driven NDR platform for modern cyberattack resilience Turn unified network observability into clear signal and informed action to stop real attacks early across one modern, hybrid attack surface. Watch Video Take a Tour 36 AI patents 150+ AI models 12 MITRE references Watch how our modern NDR platform helps you stop attacks across network, identity and cloud Get a guided walkthrough of how Vectra AI turns modern network observability and identity behavior into clear actions to stop attacks before impact. Your browser doesn't support HTML5 video. Schedule a Live Demo Vectra AI named a Leader in NDR 2025 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Network Detection and Response Read Report 2025 Gartner® Peer Insights™ Report Vectra AI is the only named established vendor in the Voice of the Customer for Network Detection and Response. See Report 2024 IDC Marketscape for NDR IDC names Vectra as a Leader in IDC MarketScape 2024 for NDR. Read Now 2025 GigaOm Radar for NDR GigaOm’s radar report places Vectra AI in the leader circle. Read Now 2024 SPARK Matrix Leader QKS Group positions Vectra AI as a Leader in the 2024 Spark Matrix for Network Detection and Response (NDR). Read Report Fight modern attacks Vectra AI’s NDR approach connects the dots across the entire hybrid network Use our advanced AI signal to follow attackers and correlate behavior as attacks move across network, identity, cloud, at AI speed. Vectra AI Platform MXDR Services Technology Integrations Attack Signal Intelligence Cloud SaaS Identity Network AI Endpoint Ingest + Normalize + Enrich Data Analyze + Detect + Triage Attribute + Correlate + Prioritize Investigate Respond Ingest + Normalize + Enrich Data Analyze + Detect + Triage Attribute + Correlate + Prioritize Investigate Respond Take a Platform Tour Analyze the right data… Our data scientists determine the right data to collect and analyze. We see what attackers see — one giant attack surface — and identify the right math and models to find them. Our real-time data ingestion engine: Monitors 13.3 million IPs daily Processes 10 billion sessions per hour Handles 9.4 trillion bits per second To identify real attacker behaviors… Our security researchers and data scientists think like modern attackers, studying vulnerabilities by domain and fine-tuning our AI based on the latest attack techniques. This modern approach to network detection and response: Covers >90% of MITRE ATT&CK techniques Makes Vectra AI the most-referenced MITRE D3FEND vendor Across the entire modern network Instant AI Detections find any attack, known or unknown, based on real-world behaviors to fuel Vectra AI’s real-time detection and response. They understand context like privileged account misuse and lateral movement, and distinguish between normal and malicious activity — even inside encrypted traffic. Expose Urgent Threats The only NDR platform with the multi-cloud coverage to proactively reduce exposure Frictionless, multi-cloud observability and AI-driven detections across the cyber-kill chain expose attack movement across modern hybrid networks, making it impossible for attackers to hide. Network AI Detections for Network surface attackers moving laterally — both east-west and north-south — across: Data Center Campus Remote Work Cloud IoT/OT Learn More Identity Vectra AI Detections for Identity surface attackers compromising and escalating privileges for both human and machine accounts across: Learn More Cloud Vectra AI Detections for Cloud surface multi-cloud attacks spanning: AI Signal that shows what matters AI signal clarity prioritizes real attacks in real time AI Assistants automatically triage, correlate, and prioritize threats across domains. It’s how we remove 99% of alert noise and up to 50% of time spent on manual tasks. AI triage AI triage distinguishes true from false and malicious from benign, surfacing only high-relevance threats based on deviations from normal behavior. AI stitching AI stitching connects the dots across domains in real-time. By correlating activity across changing IPs and cloud roles, our AI exposes the original compromised device and account. AI prioritization AI prioritization highlights what’s most critical and urgent by factoring in how observed behaviors map to real attacks — while accounting for attack velocity, breadth, and account privilege. INCREASE SOC EFFICIENCY Use NDR-driven control to proactively stop attacks before impact Work faster and smarter discovering, hunting, investigating and responding with deep context. Discover Detect Investigate Respond Hunt Find potential gaps in your environment Gain visibility into threat surface deployment across the modern network including data centers, identity, and cloud Enforce proactive defense with dynamic snapshots on system and threat surface health Integrate into workflows with single-click pivots to deeper investigations, query customization, and more Take a Platform tour See isolated, urgent threats Prioritize ranked threats powered by Vectra’s AI Assistants Get an overview of each threat within seconds — all in a single, unified view See the true story of a threat with correlation of different detections across your modern network Take a Platform tour Deep dive into prioritized entities Use pre-built queries associated with each threat for quick, out-of-the box forensics analysis Intuitive query building, plus support for SQL, fits seamlessly into existing workflows Automatically categorize and organize logs - no need to spend hours interpreting long lines of data Take a Platform tour Stop attacks in minutes Response actions to stop attacks across your entire modern network, no matter the avenue, with native, integrated, and managed response Pivot to third-party security tools in a single click to enact response playbooks and lock down attackers Completely stop attackers from progressing further through your modern network with AI-powered alerts Take a Platform tour Hunt for unusual behaviors in seconds Get a unified view of threat activity for all hosts and accounts, so you know exactly where to start investigating Analyze threat trends and attacker patterns across the entire modern network, with information from data centers, cloud, and identity Start investigating with a single click Take a Platform tour customers 2,000+ security teams stop attacks with the Vectra AI Platform “The Vectra AI Platform introduced innovative AI and machine learning capabilities, significantly enhancing our ability to detect and respond to cyberattacks. The platform stood out for the accuracy of its detection system.” Andrea Licciardi Cybersecurity Manager, MAIRE Read More Higher fidelity signal, faster investigations “Vectra AI saved the A&M System $7 million in a year and we cut threat investigation times from several days to a few minutes.” Dan Basile Executive Director of the Security Team, The Texas A&M University System Read More Saved $7M while speeding up detection “Vectra captures metadata at scale from all network traffic and enriches it with a lot of useful security information. Getting context up-front tells us where and what to investigate” Eric Weakland Director Director of Information Security, American University Read More Responded 20% faster with 25% less work “Vectra AI has done a lot to reduce the noise and combine multiple detections into more singular or aggregated alerts that we can then investigate.” Director Operations Manager Australian Private Health Fund Read More Reduced alerts 80% “Vectra AI has been instrumental in reducing threat investigations from several days to just a few hours.” Gustavo Ricco Security Operations Manager, Fenaco Informatik Read More Reduced investigations from days to hours “We used to get 200 alerts a week. Now with Vectra AI, we have four or five a month.” Carmelo Gallo Cybersecurity Manager ED&F Man Holdings Ltd. Read More Down to 4-5 alerts a month “The Vectra platform has allowed us to prioritize the number of events that need investigations versus the noise producing events. This is the magic of AI.” Eduardo Ortiz CISO, TTI Reduced time to detection to minutes FAQs Behind the platform: How Vectra AI does network protection differently How is the Vectra AI Platform different from traditional network detection and response (NDR) solutions? Traditional NDR solutions monitor network traffic for suspicious activity and potential threats. But today's attackers don't target networks alone. An estimated 40% of data breaches involve multiple attack surfaces.* The Vectra AI Platform fills this gap by extending NDR beyond on-premises data centers and campuses to include remote locations and workers, clouds, identities, and IoT/OT. Our advanced AI/ML follows attackers across ALL attack surfaces and sees their every move, in real-time, so you can stop them from becoming breaches. * Source: IBM Data Breach Report Does Vectra AI cover identity and cloud as part of NDR? Yes, the Vectra AI Platform expands traditional network detection and response to include identities and clouds. More specifically: AI Detections for Network surface both east-west and north-south attacker movement across data centers, campuses, remote work, cloud, and IoT/OT environments. Vectra AI Detections for Identity expose attackers using compromised credentials to escalated privileges, with coverage for Active Directory, Microsoft Entra ID, Microsoft 365, AWS, and Azure. Vectra AI delivers frictionless observability and advanced threat detection, investigation, and response by analyzing cloud flow logs and data-plane activity spanning all major cloud providers including AWS, Google Cloud Platform, IBM Cloud, Microsoft Azure, Microsoft 365, Microsoft Copilot for M365, and Oracle Cloud environments. What about Vectra NDR? As an integral part of the Vectra AI Platform, Vectra AI's network detection and response solution (Vectra NDR) follows attackers across on-premises, cloud, and IoT/OT networks. But to fight modern attacks , you need to see what modern attackers see — one giant attack surface. We do this by extending traditional NDR to incorporate identities and public clouds. Will the Vectra AI Platform fit into my existing security technology stack? Yes. Our network detection and response solution is built to integrate with your existing pane of glass so you can build your platform, your way. Learn more about Vectra AI integrations here . Who can use the Vectra AI Platform? The Vectra AI Platform is designed to equip any analyst, at any skill level, with context to rapidly hunt, investigate, and stop attacks early in their progression. Our native, integrated, and managed response provides the flexibility security teams of all sizes need to take the right action at the right time. How long does it take to go live with the Vectra AI Platform? Our AI-powered NDR platform is agentless and flexible. You can deploy on-premises, as SaaS, or in a hybrid model — within days for network coverage , and in minutes for identity and cloud coverage . The modular design also makes it easy to integrate with your other tools . How can we deploy the Vectra AI Platform? The Vectra AI Platform can be integrated into your existing environment as a standalone addition, with extra support, or through a managed security service provider. You can choose the option that works best for your team: Deploy and run the technology yourself Add optional technical support or MDR services from the Vectra AI experts Purchase the platform as part of a larger service package through one of Vectra AI's MSSPs What support do you provide? Our MDR analysts have the skills and expertise in modern networks to take on some or all the responsibility and accountability for stopping attacks from becoming breaches. We also offer Premium Support for security teams in need of 24x7x365 technical assistance. We're happy with our SIEM. Why add the Vectra AI Platform? Bringing our modern NDR platform to your dashboard allows you to refine your investigative workflows, lower your costs, and stop attacks faster. In fact, organizations have saved millions of dollars on annual maintenance and log ingest costs as the result of SIEM optimization with the Vectra AI Platform. You can ingest Vectra AI’s entity scoring, network metadata, and log output directly into your SIEM through standard Syslog or via API. See how we support Microsoft Sentinel, Splunk, Google Chronicle, and others here . We have EDR — are we not covered? Endpoint protection covers approximately 40% of the typical enterprise environment, leaving network, identity, and cloud surfaces exposed. The Vectra AI Platform detects the post-compromise attacks EDR can’t. In fact, eight in ten security teams that assess their security with the Vectra AI Platform find gaps in their endpoint protection. You can easily integrate with Crowdstrike Falcon, Microsoft Defender, Sentinel One, and other endpoint detection and response tools. What value does Vectra AI add to our existing processes and workflows? Our advanced AI/ML can be easily integrated into your existing pane of glass. You can: Ingest Vectra AI’s entity scoring, network metadata, or log output directly into Microsoft Sentinel, Splunk, Google Chronicle or other SIEM . Send Vectra AI’s prioritized alerts to SOAR playbooks and platforms including Cortex XSOAR, Splunk SOAR, and Google Chronicle. Integrate our network, identity, or cloud signal and context with existing endpoint detection and response tools like Crowdstrike Falcon, Microsoft Defender, Sentinel One. We use a specific security framework — will Vectra AI support it? Yes, Vectra AI aligns to your security framework of choice: NIST: Learn how the Vectra AI Platform aligns to NIST 2.0 Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) here .‍ NIS2: Learn how the Vectra AI Platform meets European NIS2 (Network and Information Security 2) here . ‍ Zero Trust: Learn how the Vectra AI Platform maps to US Department of Defense (DoD) Zero Trust here . Resources You might also be interested in… White Paper The Business Value of Vectra AI: Key Findings from IDC Research See how Vectra AI delivers a 391% 3-year ROI and real-world security impact in this independent IDC study. Download Compliance Guide How to Meet or Exceed Cybersecurity Compliance Standards with Vectra AI Learn how to exceed requirements and regulations with Vectra AI. Download Best Practices Guide Reduce Your SIEM Cost and Stop Attacks Faster Discover how Vectra AI reduces deployment costs and management overhead. Download Inside the Vectra AI Platform: how we’ve redefined modern NDR Let us show you how you can find and stop attacks fast, across your entire modern network. See the Platform in Action Get a close-up view of capabilities. Request a Demo Get advice from a Vectra AI security engineer. Platform Preemptive Protection Observability Proactive Detection & Response Network Cloud Identity Managed Extended Detection & Response Services See our Integrations Our AI Vectra AI Detections Product in Action Vectra AI Platform Video Demo Vectra AI Platform Tour Stop a Hybrid Attack Tour Stop a Ransomware Tour Stop an AWS Attack Tour Use Cases EDR Extension IDS Replacement PCAP Replacement SIEM Optimization Signature + AI-driven Detection Cloud Identity Protection Cloud Control Plane Protection Cloud Posture Improvement OT Environment Risk Critical Infrastructure Risk Remote Workforce Risk Hybrid Attack Types Account Takeover Advanced Persistent Threats Data Breach Nation State Attacks Ransomware Supply Chain Attacks Hybrid Attack Progressions Zero-day Exploit Spear Phishing MFA Bypass Credential Stuffing Sunburst Living off the Land Industries Critical National Infrastructure Energy & Utilities Finance Government/Federal Healthcare Higher Education Manufacturing Pharmaceutical & medical Real Estate Retail & Wholesale Telecom Vectra AI Topics Customers Customer Stories Support Hub Knowledge Center Product Releases Professional Services Managed Extended Detection & Response Services Premium Support Training Research & Insights Threat Actors Attack Techniques Resources Blog Resource Center Cybersecurity Fundamentals Events and Webinars Partners Partner Program MSSPs Technology Partners VARs & Distributors Partner Portal Login Company About Us Leadership Board of Directors Investors News Releases Careers Contact Us support@vectra.ai Headquarters 550 S. Winchester Blvd. Suite 200 San Jose, CA, USA 95128 Terms of Service Terms of Use Trademarks Trust Center Product Privacy Portal Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Vectra Ethics Hotline © 2026 Vectra AI, Inc. All rights reserved. Close Your browser doesn't support HTML5 video.