Bitdefender GravityZone Cyber Security Platform Placeholder “Didn’t you say you had it under control?” Discover why smart security teams choose GravityZone — before the chaos hits. Learn More >> For Consumer For Small Business For Enterprise Platform GravityZone Platform - Comprehensive Unified Security Packages Small Business Security Buy Online Business Security Business Security Premium Business Security Enterprise Defense XDR Free Trials View All Technology DemoZone TechZone Bitdefender Labs AI Advantage Enterprise Cybersecurity Prevention Dynamic Attack Surface Reduction NEW Compliance Manager Risk Management Vulnerability & Patch Management Cloud Security Posture Management External Attack Surface Management Full Disk Encryption View All Managed Service Providers GravityZone MSP Security Security for MSSPs Managed Detection and Response for MSPs Protection Email Security Mobile Security Cloud Native Security Cloud Workload Security Container Security View All Detection & Response Endpoint Detection & Response Extended Detection & Response Identity Threat Detection & Response Operational Threat Intelligence Managed Detection and Response Managed Detection and Response Plus Security Data Lake View All Services Managed Services Managed Detection and Response PLUS Managed Detection and Response Managed Detection and Response for MSPs Managed XDR Security Services Offensive Services Advisory Services Support Digital Forensics and Incident Response Cybersecurity Advisory Services Compliance Support Cybersecurity Review (CSR) Cybersecurity Advisory Retainer Incident Response Tabletop Exercises (TXT) Offensive Services Penetration Testing Red Teaming Cloud Security Assessment Phishing Simulation Why Bitdefender The Bitdefender Difference AI-Powered Cybersecurity New Fighting Cybercrime New Customer Success Stories Industry Recognition and Awards Technology Alliances Certifications Bitdefender Labs and Research Solutions Cloud Native Security Enable Cyber Resilience Improve Cybersecurity Compliance Provide Managed Security Services Secure Cloud Workloads Secure Datacenters Secure Endpoints Secure Small to Medium Business Industries Education Energy and Utilities Financial Services Healthcare Manufacturing Public Sector Technology Telecommunications Retail Compare Bitdefender vs. Crowdstrike vs. Huntress vs. Microsoft vs. SentinelOne vs. Sophos Resources Highlights 2026 Cybersecurity Predictions FunkSec: Ransomware Group Akira Ransomware ShrinkLocker (+Decryptor) Training & Education InfoZone, Cybersecurity 101 TechZone, Technical Insights & Explainers DemoZone, Interactive Demos NEW Masterclasses, Onboarding Sessions NEW Resource Library Newsroom Blogs Industry Recognition & Reports Webinars Events eBooks & Whitepapers Case Studies Experienced a Breach? View Packages and Pricing For Partners Company Blog Support How Can We Help Support for Home Products Support for Business Products Login Your Account Bitdefender Central GravityZone CLOUD Control Center MDR Portal Home Business GravityZone Platform Unified Platform Securing the Entire Organization Managed Detection and Response ( MDR ) Investigations Response Threat Hunting Recommendations Extended Detection and Response ( XDR ) Identity Productivity Apps EDR Network Cloud PRODUCTS Patch Management Security for Mobile Integrity Monitoring Full Disk Encryption Cloud Security Security for Storage PHASR Compliance Manager EASM Extended Email Security CSPM+ Security for Containers TECHNOLOGIES Risk Management Risk Management Identifies, prioritizes, and mitigates software vulnerabilities, risky configurations, and user behavior. Ransomware Mitigation Ransomware Mitigation Detects suspicious encryption attempts, creates tamper-proof back-up copies of encrypted files, blocks encryption, and restores files. Process Protection Process Protection Continuous behavioral monitoring of all running processes that looks for signs of suspicious activity and automatically blocks processes when a certain threshold is reached. Tunable Machine Learning Tunable Machine Learning Machine learning algorithms that can be configured to be designed to identify and block targeted and advanced attacks at pre-execution. Threat Intelligence Threat Intelligence Insights from hundreds of millions of sensors and 260+ top researchers that enables GravityZone to anticipate, detect, and respond to attacks more effectively. Incident Advisor Incident Advisor A human-readable description of the incident’s root cause, MITRE tactics and techniques used, impact and recommended responses. Content Control Content Control Ability to restrict or schedule access to certain websites, web categories or URLs, and applications and configure data protection rules. Read More Exploit Defense Exploit Defense Protects against 0-day exploits by monitoring for specific exploitation techniques and behavior, and blocks processes that are suspicious. Network Attack Defense Network Attack Defense Checks incoming, outgoing and lateral traffic and protects against network-based attacks such as brute force attacks, port scans, password stealers, or lateral movement. Sandbox Analyzer Sandbox Analyzer Automatic or manual analysis of potential threats in a safe cloud-hosted sandbox, delivering a verdict and a report of sample behavior. Anomaly Defense Anomaly Defense Machine learning based detection of unusual patterns or deviation from models of normal behavior that may require further investigation. Live Search Live Search Query systems in real-time to perform threat hunting by looking for specific Indicators of Compromise (IOCs) or to streamline administrative, inventory, or compliance tasks. Cloud On-premises GravityZone Prevention Protection Detection Response Maximize Operational Efficiency Consolidate and automate security operations and reduce the time spent on incident investigation and response by up to 70% Stop Attacks More Effectively Identify and mitigate risks faster, achieve 100% patch compliance, and reduce time to resolve attacks by up to 50% Optimize Security Investments Optimize your security spend by consolidating vendors and solutions and cutting operational costs by up to 50% without sacrificing effectiveness See GravityZone in action See how easy it is to elevate protection, expand capabilities and manage security by leveraging the modular GravityZone platform. Reduce the attack surface Block new ransomware and APTs automatically Automate and simplify detection and response Start Free Trial 70% Increase in administrative efficiency. View Case Study 85% Faster incident response time. Learn More 100% Patch compliance , with patches rolled out quicker. Learn More 90% Drop in endpoint-related security incidents. Learn More Stop modern and future threats with a leading platform See some of the capabilities that make the difference, empowering teams to prevent attacks more efficiently and respond faster, with less overhead. Start Free Trial Interactive DEMO Top-ranked protection and detection Stop known or new ransomware and advanced attacks with security that’s consistently top-ranked in independent evaluations. The most comprehensive layer set and coverage Consolidate the most extensive set of security layers, protect Windows, Linux, and Mac endpoints, clouds, identities, network, productivity apps, and beyond. Automated incident analysis, high fidelity, low overhead The native GravityZone XDR delivers high fidelity detections and automatically generates a human-readable incident analysis and full attack scope picture. Trusted. Always. Security That’s Consistently Recognized Across Independent Evaluations Top Protection. Lowest TCO AV-Comparatives 2025 EPR Test Bitdefender achieved top breach prevention and lowest TCO and was the only vendor to block 100% of attacks during the first stage. Read more Best Protection. Best Performance for Business Users Bitdefender GravityZone Endpoint Security received the AV-TEST Award 2023 for Best Protection and Best Performance in the business users category. Read the article High Threat Visibility, Minimal Noise Bitdefender achieved 100% analytical coverage for both Linux and macOS, with zero False Positives (FPs) in both cases. Read the article A Customers’ Choice in Gartner® Peer Insights™ Voice of the Customer for EPPs Read the report The Only Visionary in the 2025 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for EPPs Read the report Named a Strong Performer Read the report We are here To Help You: Provide managed security services Solutions designed for Managed Service Providers (MSPs) with monthly usage-based licensing and multi-tenancy. Learn More Secure Small to Medium Businesses Protect your business against cyberthreats with a leading security solution that is easy to manage and at a price that’s right for you. Learn More Secure Your Cloud Posture Get comprehensive visibility and control of cloud inventories and privileges and identify risky or non-compliant configurations. Learn More Secure Cloud Workloads Secure workloads across multiple public and private clouds with high-performance security designed specifically for cloud environments. Learn More Automate Patch Management Improve your security posture by reducing time-to-patch vulnerabilities with automated and manual patching managed through GravityZone. Learn More GravityZone Packages Security that is flexible and modular to meet the needs of businesses and MSPs of any size. Compare Packages Small Business Small Business Security Ideal for small businesses looking for set-and-forget security. View Product Page Business Security Ideal for small businesses looking for simple, yet efficient security. View Product Page Business Security Premium Ideal for businesses looking for aggressive protection against sophisticated threats. View Product Page Medium-to-Large Business Business Security Enterprise The only EDR on the market with automated cross-endpoint correlation, and seamlessly integrated robust EPP capabilities. View Product Page Extended Detection and Response The only XDR solution on the market that natively correlates organization-wide data to automatically provide human-readable insights for each security incident. View Product Page MDR PLUS 24x7 security monitoring, advanced attack prevention, detection and remediation, plus targeted and risk-based threat hunting by a certified team of security experts. View Product Page Managed Service Providers Secure Recommended for MSPs looking to reduce time spent on incident response and increase productivity. View Product Page Secure Plus Recommended for MSPs seeking 24x7 threat monitoring, detection and response, and proactive human-led threat hunting View Product Page Secure Extra Recommended for MSP looking for end-to-end threat protection with 24x7 monitoring, advanced prevention, detection, and remediation power by GravityZone XDR View Product Page Proven. Unsurpassed Cybersecurity Effectiveness. We’re here to help you choose the solution or service that’s right for your business. See all products Start Free Trial Contact Us Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet​ We combine fully automated response actions with guided recommendations using our Response Framework for fast incident response across endpoints. Learn More Trusted. Always. For Consumer For Small Business For Enterprise For Partners Quick Links Bitdefender Central GravityZone Cloud Control Center Bitdefender Cyberpedia Partner Advantage Network Portal Brand Portal Support for Home Products Support for Business Products Investors Careers InfoZone Legal Information Privacy Policy Site Map Company Contact Us Privacy Settings Copyright © 1997 - 2026 Bitdefender United States - English Choose Your Country Australia - English België - Nederlands Belgique - Français Belize - English Brasil - Português Bulgaria - English Canada - English Chile - Español Colombia - Español Czechia - English Denmark - English Deutschland - Deutsch España - Español France - Français Hong Kong - China Hungary - English India - English Indonesia - English Israel - English Italia - Italiano Jamaica - English Latvia - English Malaysia - English Malta - English México - Español Nederland - Nederlands New Zealand - English Norway - English Österreich - Deutsch Perú - Español Philippines - English Poland - English Portugal - Português România - Română Saudi Arabia - English Schweiz - Deutsch Singapore - English South Africa - English South Korea - English Sverige - Svenska Taiwan - 台灣 Thailand - English United Arab Emirates - English United Kingdom - English United States - English 日本 - 日本語