Human Risk Management & Digital Investigations - Nisos Home Solutions By Use Case Manage Human Risk Protect Online Platforms Manage Cybersecurity Risks Protect Executives, Assets, and Reputation Secure the Employee Lifecycle By Industry Legal Federal Services Human Risk Employment Shield Executive Shield Third-Party Intelligence Solutions Insider Threat Intelligence Solutions Risk Assessment Threat Landscape Assessment Threat Monitoring OSINT Monitoring and Analysis Suite Investigations Adversary Insights Platform Ascend™ Product Tours Company About Us The Nisos Difference Client Success Careers Resources News Blog Research Events & Webinars Resource Library Podcasts Contact Select Page Insider Threat Solutions Uncover intent early. Stay ahead of insider threats. Stop damage before it starts. Identify and act on external early warning signals of insider threats with Ascend™, Nisos’ human risk management platform. Stop Insider Threats Early Human Risk Management Unmask adversaries. Protect against human risk and digital threats. Safeguard what matters most with OSINT-powered solutions that mitigate risks and stop threats to your business and your people. Defend Against Human Risk Executive Protection Solutions Shield your executives. Reduce business risk. Keep your key people safe. From impersonation to physical targeting, protect what matters most with tailored executive digital protection. Protect Your Executives Meet Ascend: Your Insider Threat Intelligence Solution Take the self-guided tour >> Now Available: The Executive Protection Digital Hygiene Playbook Get the playbook >> Upcoming Webinar: Combating Employment Fraud & Insider Risk Register now >> A trusted partner Through our human risk platform and services we empower your security, legal, intelligence, and human resources teams. Nisos identifies human exposure, behavioral patterns, and adversarial intent. We protect your people, business, and brand and help you avoid financial losses, sensitive data leaks, and loss of trust. Nisos Is the Bridge between Digital Threats and Action We deliver tailored risk assessments, monitoring, investigations, open-source intelligence, and expert analysis to help your team respond to complex human threats. Executive Threats Business leaders face personal attacks, doxxing, and cyber vulnerabilities that can harm them and the entire organization. Employment Fraud Fraudulent activities during hiring or employment can lead to data leaks, reputational harm, and operational disruption. Insider Threats Malign employees, contractors, and partners with access to sensitive information can cause reputational harm, IP and financial loss. Third-Party Risks Hidden affiliations or bad actors among your partners, investors, or clients can expose your assets, operations, and people to risks. Data Leaks and Exposure Trade secrets, IP, and personal information exposed on the open web or dark web can result in irreparable damage. Physical Threats High-profile executives and employees are often targets for threats to their safety. Detect, Investigate and Prevent Human Risk Designed with a Difference Ascend™: Nisos Tradecraft, In Your Hands Ascend transforms our analyst-led tradecraft into a client-led platform. Detect early risk signals, monitor targeted threats, and manage executive protection and insider threats in real time. Executive Protection Advanced protective intelligence that enables you to assess and reduce your executive protection risk, perform continuous threat monitoring, and get at-a-glance risk dashboard visibility. Unlimited individual risk assessments Hands-on PII identification and removal Risk reduction tracking over time Explore Executive Shield >> Insider Threat Proactive external insider threat intelligence that enables you to identify early risk signals, attribute with confidence, monitor continuously, and investigate faster. Real-time, intent-based, beyond-the-firewall risk visibility Noise-free, actionable insights A trusted, clear, unified view of external digital signals and risk Explore Insider Threat Solutions >> Explore the Ascend Platform White-Glove Services: Analyst-Led Human Risk Intelligence Our expert-led human risk management solutions deliver the intelligence, insights, and guidance to help you reduce risk and drive real-world consequences for digital threats. Targeted and actionable intelligence delivered as an extension of your team. We find answers that others don’t. Assessments Understand your organizations’ digital and human risks at the individual and company-level. Reduce risks and stop threats with clear insights and expert guidance. Assessments Monitoring Customize threat monitoring to your company’s specific needs and threats. Surface the threats that matter with broad coverage, expert analysis, and zero noise. Monitoring Investigations Protect your organization and minimize risk with in-depth, actionable answers. Get to the “who” behind your threats with adversary expertise that delivers attribution. Investigations The Nisos Difference, Powered by Client Trust Human risk and digital risk are inseparable. Nisos gives you clarity by uncovering the who, what, why, and how behind threats , so you can protect your people, your reputation, and your business. Our intelligence strengthens decision-making across security, legal, and executive teams. It helps prevent insider incidents, informs M&A strategies, keeps people safe, and reduces overall human and digital risk exposure. See The Nisos Difference  A Trusted Partner Nisos has been a trusted partner to Cowbell Cyber for over three years, delivering high-quality intelligence and investigative support across some of our most complex challenges. Their expertise in human risk, which stems from a team of exceptional former intelligence professionals, has significantly strengthened our ability to identify and mitigate threats. Nisos enables our advisors to better support policyholders and reduce overall risk exposure across our ecosystem. Matthieu Chan Tsin, SVP of Resiliency Services, Cowbell Cyber  Nisos Ascend Looks Beyond the Edge While it can be challenging, it’s critical for security teams to obtain early risk and threat intelligence that can identify emerging human risks, like insider threats, before they escalate and cause damage. Nisos Ascend looks beyond the edge of the enterprise to detect red-flags online before they become threats. Gary Hayslip, Vice President and Senior Security Advisor at Halcyon Hear From Our Clients Explore Our Human Risk Management Insights Stay up to date on the latest developments in human risk with our thought leadership. E-Book The Executive Protection Digital Hygiene Playbook Learn how to identify digital exposure, reduce PII risk, and strengthen executive protection before online threats become physical. download playbook >> Blog Insider Threats in the Remote Work Era: New Tools, New Tactics Explore how remote and hybrid work environments complicate insider threat detection and create new risk vectors for organizations. read blog >> Research Investigation Threat Monitoring for Executive Protection Learn how proactive threat monitoring enhances executive protection and helps security teams stay ahead of emerging dangers. read research >> Unlock a safer tomorrow Partner with dedicated intelligence experts committed to your success. Book a Meeting Solutions By Use Case Manage Human Risk > Protect Online Platforms > Manage Cybersecurity Risks > Protect Executives, Assets, and Reputation > Secure the Employee Life Cycle > By Industry Legal > Federal > Human Risk Employment Shield > Executive Shield > Third-Party Intelligence Solutions > Insider Threat Intelligence Solutions > Risk Assessments Threat Landscape Assessment > Threat Monitoring OSINT Monitoring & Analysis > Investigations Adversary Insights® Investigation > Company About Us > The Nisos Difference > Client Success > Careers > Resources News > Blog > Events > Resource Library > Podcasts > Contact info@nisos.com tel: 703-382-8400 2101 Wilson Blvd. Suite 304 Arlington, VA 22201 Follow Follow Follow Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy ©2026 Nisos All Rights Reserved