Managed Endpoint Detection & Response (EDR) Solutions | Huntress Watch On-Demand: From Trafficking Victim to Cybercrime Whistleblower Portal Login Support Contact Search Search Products Products Platform Overview Managed EDR Get full endpoint visibility, detection, and response Managed EDR Get full endpoint visibility, detection, and response Managed ITDR Protect your Microsoft 365 identities and email environments. Managed ITDR Protect your Microsoft 365 identities and email environments. Managed SIEM Managed threat response and robust compliance support at a predictable price. Managed SIEM Managed threat response and robust compliance support at a predictable price. Managed Security Awareness Training Empower your teams with science-backed security awareness training. Managed Security Awareness Training Empower your teams with science-backed security awareness training. Integrations Integrations Support Documentation Support Documentation See Huntress in Action Quickly deploy and manage real-time protection for endpoints, email, and employees - all from a single dashboard. Book a Demo See Huntress in Action Quickly deploy and manage real-time protection for endpoints, email, and employees - all from a single dashboard. Solutions Solutions Threats We Stop Phishing Phishing Business Email Compromise Business Email Compromise Ransomware Ransomware View All View All Industries We Serve Education Education Financial Services Financial Services State and Local Government State and Local Government Healthcare Healthcare Law Firms Law Firms Manufacturing Manufacturing Utilities Utilities View All View All Tailored Solutions MSPs MSPs Resellers Resellers SMBs SMBs Compliance Compliance Cybercriminals Have Evolved Get the intel on today’s cybercriminal groups and learn how to protect yourself. Cybercriminals Have Evolved Get the intel on today’s cybercriminal groups and learn how to protect yourself. Pricing Resources Resources Community Series The Product Lab Shape the next big thing in cybersecurity together. The Product Lab Shape the next big thing in cybersecurity together. Fireside Chat Real people. Real perspectives. Better conversations. Fireside Chat Real people. Real perspectives. Better conversations. Tradecraft Tuesday No products, no pitches – just tradecraft. Tradecraft Tuesday No products, no pitches – just tradecraft. Resources Upcoming Events Upcoming Events eBooks eBooks On-Demand Webinars On-Demand Webinars Videos Videos Whitepapers Whitepapers Datasheets Datasheets Cybersecurity Education Cybersecurity 101 Cybersecurity 101 Cybersecurity Guides Cybersecurity Guides Threat Library Threat Library Real Tradecraft, Real Results Real Tradecraft, Real Results 2026 Cyber Threat Report 2026 Cyber Threat Report The Huntress Blog Huntress Lands on the Microsoft Marketplace Huntress Lands on the Microsoft Marketplace How Huntress & DEFCERT Are Streamlining CMMC Assessment Prep How Huntress & DEFCERT Are Streamlining CMMC Assessment Prep Live Hacking Into Microsoft 365 with Kyle Hanslovan Live Hacking Into Microsoft 365 with Kyle Hanslovan Why Huntress Why Huntress Why Huntress Go beyond AI in the fight against today’s hackers with Huntress Managed EDR purpose-built for your needs Why Huntress Go beyond AI in the fight against today’s hackers with Huntress Managed EDR purpose-built for your needs The Huntress SOC 24/7 Security Operations Center The Huntress SOC 24/7 Security Operations Center Reviews Why businesses of all sizes trust Huntress to defend their assets Reviews Why businesses of all sizes trust Huntress to defend their assets Case Studies Learn directly from our partners how Huntress has helped them Case Studies Learn directly from our partners how Huntress has helped them Community Get in touch with the Huntress Community team Community Get in touch with the Huntress Community team Compare Huntress Bitdefender Bitdefender Blackpoint Blackpoint Breach Secure Now! Breach Secure Now! Crowdstrike Crowdstrike Datto Datto SentinelOne SentinelOne Sophos Sophos Compare All Compare All Partners Partners HUNTRESS HUB Login to access top-notch marketing resources, tools, and training. Partner Portal Login HUNTRESS HUB Login to access top-notch marketing resources, tools, and training. MSPs Join our partner community to deliver expert-led managed security. MSPs Join our partner community to deliver expert-led managed security. Resellers Partner program designed to grow your cybersecurity business. Resellers Partner program designed to grow your cybersecurity business. Company Company Press Release Huntress Announces Collaboration with Microsoft to Strengthen Cybersecurity for Businesses of All Sizes Press Release Huntress Announces Collaboration with Microsoft to Strengthen Cybersecurity for Businesses of All Sizes Our Story We're on a mission to shatter the barriers to enterprise-level security. Our Story We're on a mission to shatter the barriers to enterprise-level security. Newsroom Explore press releases, news articles, media interviews and more. Newsroom Explore press releases, news articles, media interviews and more. Meet the Team Founded by former NSA Cyber Operators. Backed by security researchers. Meet the Team Founded by former NSA Cyber Operators. Backed by security researchers. Careers Ready to shake up the cybersecurity world? Join the hunt. Careers Ready to shake up the cybersecurity world? Join the hunt. Awards Awards Contact Us Contact Us Portal Login Support Contact Search Get a Demo Start for Free Portal Login Support Contact Search Search Get a Demo Start for Free Managed EDR Overview Overview Operating Systems Operating Systems Managed EDR for macOS Managed EDR for Linux Features Features Persistent Footholds Malware Protection Ransomware Canaries Open Port (external recon) Microsoft Defender Security Operations Center Pricing Resources EDR Guide Home Platform Managed EDR Endpoint Detection and Response Built for Every Business Huntress Managed EDR gives you an unfair advantage against hackers with comprehensive, enterprise-grade protection, continuously backed by our 24/7 AI-assisted SOC Try It For Yourself Get a Free Demo Learn about our 24/7 AI-assisted SOC, how our team operates, and the value they deliver to our partners and customers. Read Now 4.5M endpoints protected false positive rate 8 min industry-leading MTTR What Users are Saying 98% of users say Huntress has more security expertise compared to other solutions they evaluated UE verified: 10/29/2024 Survey of 257 Huntress users, conducted by UserEvidence. uevi.co/1357TEVB 89% of users agree that “Huntress Managed EDR has stopped a threat that would have significantly impacted my business UE verified: 10/29/2024 Survey of 260 Huntress users, conducted by UserEvidence. uevi.co/9294LGFQ 98% of users say Huntress Managed EDR is a better value compared to other solutions they evaluated UE verified: 10/29/2024 Survey of 253 Huntress users, conducted by UserEvidence. uevi.co/7015KJZM 98% of users say Huntress has more security expertise compared to other solutions they evaluated UE verified: 10/29/2024 Survey of 257 Huntress users, conducted by UserEvidence. uevi.co/1357TEVB 89% of users agree that “Huntress Managed EDR has stopped a threat that would have significantly impacted my business UE verified: 10/29/2024 Survey of 260 Huntress users, conducted by UserEvidence. uevi.co/9294LGFQ 98% of users say Huntress Managed EDR is a better value compared to other solutions they evaluated UE verified: 10/29/2024 Survey of 253 Huntress users, conducted by UserEvidence. uevi.co/7015KJZM 98% of users say Huntress has more security expertise compared to other solutions they evaluated UE verified: 10/29/2024 Survey of 257 Huntress users, conducted by UserEvidence. uevi.co/1357TEVB 89% of users agree that “Huntress Managed EDR has stopped a threat that would have significantly impacted my business UE verified: 10/29/2024 Survey of 260 Huntress users, conducted by UserEvidence. uevi.co/9294LGFQ 1 2 3 98% of users say Huntress Managed EDR is a better value compared to other solutions they evaluated UE verified: 10/29/2024 Survey of 253 Huntress users, conducted by UserEvidence. uevi.co/7015KJZM 98% of users say Huntress has more security expertise compared to other solutions they evaluated UE verified: 10/29/2024 Survey of 257 Huntress users, conducted by UserEvidence. uevi.co/1357TEVB 89% of users agree that “Huntress Managed EDR has stopped a threat that would have significantly impacted my business UE verified: 10/29/2024 Survey of 260 Huntress users, conducted by UserEvidence. uevi.co/9294LGFQ 4.9/5 based on hundreds of G2 reviews Read More on G2 4.9/5 average rating on Capterra Read More on Capterra How Huntress Managed EDR Wrecks Hackers Purpose-Built EDR that Delivers Next-level Outcomes Huntress’ EDR solution is endpoint security made for your business. We don’t rely on other vendors' EDR tools, tied to their pace of development and innovation. We own and build our tech to move and respond faster, focusing on what’s most important to defend against the latest hacker tradecraft. World-renown Threat Expertise A global team of threat experts helps power Huntress Managed EDR. While others chase headlines, we’re the ambulance in the cybersecurity community, finding and responding to new threats and attacks first and distilling those insights into our EDR. We Hunt Threats Around the Clock Most teams can’t afford a 24/7 SOC to continuously monitor their endpoints for hacker activity, and prioritize and respond to potential threats. Our EDR integrates the tech, expert human oversight, and 24/7 AI-assisted SOC and threat hunters without adding to your workload, so you can focus on your most critical priorities, not chasing alerts and false positives. Enterprise-Grade EDR Explore the power of our EDR - designed, built, and managed by our experts to provide comprehensive endpoint protection for your Windows, macOS , and Linux endpoints. Request a Demo Free Trial Persistent Footholds Hackers love hiding in plain sight. Huntress’ EDR solution identifies the abuse of legitimate applications and processes that attackers use to stay hidden on your endpoints. Learn More Malicious Process Behavior Attackers change their tools constantly, but their techniques stay consistent—so we focus on behavioral analysis to spot and stop shady hacker activity. Learn More Attack Disruption Real-time Attack Disruption Engine detects and impairs hacker shady tradecraft, and alerts our SOC to react before hackers can wreck your endpoints. Lateral Movement Once on an endpoint, a threat actor wants to find more targets. Novel approaches detect really stealthy hackers moving laterally and alerts our SOC to take action. Learn More Ransomware Canaries Like a canary in a coal mine, Huntress monitors for early indication and detection of ransomware activity to take action fast and contain the threat. Learn More Endpoint Attack Visibility Make your endpoints more resilient with intel on open ports and unsecured credentials. External Recon gives details on exposed ports that gives attackers an opening into your network. We discover and alert on Potentially Unsecured Credentials stored on endpoints before hackers find and abuse them. Learn More Threat Containment and Active Remediation An industry-leading 8 minute MTTR minimizes the impact to your business. We don’t stop there, our SOC will actively remediate threats to evict them from endpoints, plus provide guidance on improving defenses to make your organization resistant to future attacks. Learn More Managed Microsoft Defender Antivirus (Free) Get more from your Microsoft investment. Huntress manages Microsoft Defender Antivirus at no additional cost. You get our recommended configs and risky exclusion monitoring to make Defender Antivirus even better. Learn More Get the next-level outcomes every enterprise deserves. High-fidelity endpoint threat detection and response Huntress Managed EDR is a complete solution to protect all enterprises across Windows, macOS , and Linux endpoints. The tech, and threat expertise and threat hunting work seamlessly, giving you peace of mind that your enterprise is protected so you can focus on what matters. Your team is our team You get a team of threat experts and hunters and our 24/7 AI-assisted SOC handling every alert from detection to resolution. We do the heavy lifting managing EDR, giving you outcomes not headaches. Democratizing Endpoint Protection Protection from threats is a necessity, not a luxury. That’s why our EDR includes everything in one straightforward price—no add-ons, no service tiers, no BS. You get everything that is needed to wreck hackers, not your budget. Featured Case Study How Do You Sleep at Night: The Real Value of 24/7 Coverage For UK-based managed service provider Greystone Technology, Huntress is more than just a product—it's peace of mind Learn More The Huntress Security Platform What people are saying about Huntress Managed EDR Cybersecurity Education The Ultimate Buyer’s Guide to EDR Most EDR tools aren’t built for the needs of all enterprises. So how do you pick the right one? Don’t worry, we’ve got you covered. Download our comprehensive guide on how to find the right EDR solution. How to evaluate your EDR requirements What capabilities to consider (and avoid) The differences between self-managed EDR versus Huntress EDR Get the Guide How to evaluate your EDR requirements What capabilities to consider (and avoid) The differences between self-managed EDR versus Huntress EDR Watch Huntress Managed EDR in action Take a self-guided tour to see the power of our EDR. The Huntress Dashboard Introduction to the Huntress platform View Demo Remediation See how threats are remediated View Demo Incident Walkthrough Walk through a macOS incident View Demo Learn how Huntress Managed EDR customers get peace of mind “Huntress notified us of the threat before we had any idea what was happening. Their team gave us all the information we needed to get up to speed, including the machine name that was infected, the steps to confirm the infection and how to remediate the threat.” Tom Noon VP of Technology, Blue Tree Technology “We partnered with Huntress more than two years ago and haven’t had a single regret. Huntress’ ability to seek out threats on the endpoint, investigate them quickly and provide remediation recommendations gives my team an incredible weapon to deal with live incidents and protect our customers.” Chris Loehr EVP, CTO, Solis Security “The value that we get with Huntress far exceeds what we’re getting with SentinelOne. Huntress has allowed us to deliver a solution that is monitoring 24/7 from an EDR perspective, while also adding that critical SOC component.” Andy Warner CFO, Connecting Point “Huntress notified us of the threat before we had any idea what was happening. Their team gave us all the information we needed to get up to speed, including the machine name that was infected, the steps to confirm the infection and how to remediate the threat.” Tom Noon VP of Technology, Blue Tree Technology “We partnered with Huntress more than two years ago and haven’t had a single regret. Huntress’ ability to seek out threats on the endpoint, investigate them quickly and provide remediation recommendations gives my team an incredible weapon to deal with live incidents and protect our customers.” Chris Loehr EVP, CTO, Solis Security “The value that we get with Huntress far exceeds what we’re getting with SentinelOne. Huntress has allowed us to deliver a solution that is monitoring 24/7 from an EDR perspective, while also adding that critical SOC component.” Andy Warner CFO, Connecting Point “Huntress notified us of the threat before we had any idea what was happening. Their team gave us all the information we needed to get up to speed, including the machine name that was infected, the steps to confirm the infection and how to remediate the threat.” Tom Noon VP of Technology, Blue Tree Technology “We partnered with Huntress more than two years ago and haven’t had a single regret. Huntress’ ability to seek out threats on the endpoint, investigate them quickly and provide remediation recommendations gives my team an incredible weapon to deal with live incidents and protect our customers.” Chris Loehr EVP, CTO, Solis Security 1 2 3 Frequently Asked Questions What is EDR and Managed EDR? Endpoint detection and response (EDR) is a technology that helps detect, investigate, and respond to threats that get past automated defenses like antivirus. It captures endpoint activity telemetry that is used to detect suspicious activity, support investigations with data and context, and enables a threat to be contained and remediated. Managed EDR is a comprehensive approach that provides end-to-end coverage, from managing the EDR solution to finding and stopping threats abusing an enterprise’s endpoints. It’s inclusive of the technology (agents, platform), management of the tech, threat expertise to tune the tech to detect the latest threats, and continuous threat detection, response, and remediation by a dedicated 24/7 AI-assisted SOC backed by humans. What is the difference between MDR and Managed EDR? Managed detection and response (MDR) services focus on monitoring and responding to alerts generated from a customer’s self-managed security tools, like EDR, network detection and response (NDR), and SIEM. Many MDR providers integrate a customer’s tool into their platform that is monitored by a SOC. Some technology vendors bolt-on MDR services for their customers to layer on SOC services. Managed EDR is a comprehensive approach that provides end-to-end coverage, from managing the EDR solution to finding and stopping threats abusing an enterprise’s endpoints. It’s inclusive of the technology (agents, platform), management of the tech, threat expertise to tune the tech to detect the latest threats, and continuous threat detection, response, and remediation by a dedicated 24/7 AI-assisted SOC backed by humans. What problems does Huntress Managed EDR solve? Huntress Managed EDR removes the challenges with managing, tuning, and monitoring an EDR tool, allowing enterprise IT and security teams to focus on other critical priorities. The technology is fully managed, reducing the day-to-day operational burden for teams. It includes threat experts who are constantly finding and understanding the latest hacker tradecraft to ensure the EDR solution can detect the latest threats and minimizes false positives. And it addresses one of the biggest challenges leaders and teams face: how to monitor, analyze, and prioritize alerts around-the-clock, which is prohibitively expensive for most enterprises and organizations. It does this as a low-impact, easy-to-deploy solution, available for a simple, affordable, and predictable price without any hidden costs. Why choose Huntress Managed EDR? With Huntress Managed EDR, you get effective, proactive endpoint protection powered by advanced threat detection technology and human experts that always have your back. With real-time threat detection, response, and remediation backed by our 24/7 AI-assisted Security Operations Center (SOC), Huntress gives you peace of mind with round-the-clock protection that’s always on. Plus, our lightweight, user-friendly agent for Windows and macOS is designed for easy deployment with seamless operations, and we manage it for you. Finally, you also get straightforward pricing with no hidden fees and unmatched scalability, making Huntress the smart choice for enterprises serious about keeping their endpoints safe so they can remain focused on what matters the most. Is Huntress Managed EDR good for mixed OS environments? Huntress Managed EDR is an excellent solution for environments running a mix of operating systems (OSs). Huntress covers all three major OSs - Windows, macOS, and Linux. This is vitally important as attackers are abusing all of these OSs, whether it’s for ransomware, credential theft, malware, or other threats. Attackers are crafty and even use cross-platform attacks (like LockBit v5.0) looking for any advantage to infiltrate a business and wreak havoc. Therefore, comprehensive coverage across all the OSs used in your environment helps reduce the shadows hackers like to hide in, making sure all the endpoints in your business are protected. Continue Exploring the Huntress Platform Managed SIEM Capture what matters. Ignore what doesn’t. Learn More Managed ITDR Shield your Microsoft 365 environments and employee identities. Learn More Managed Security Awareness Training Empower your teams with science-backed security awareness training. Learn More Ready to experience next-level endpoint protection? See how our EDR goes beyond other vendors’ EDR products to deliver next-level endpoint protection for all enterprises. Try Huntress for Free Platform Huntress Managed Security Platform Managed EDR Managed EDR for macOS Managed EDR for Linux Managed ITDR Managed SIEM Managed Security Awareness Training Book a Demo Solutions Phishing Compliance Business Email Compromise Education Finance Healthcare Manufacturing State & Local Government Why Huntress? Managed Service Providers Resellers IT & Security Teams 24/7 SOC Case Studies Resources Blog Resource Center Cybersecurity 101 Upcoming Events Support Documentation About Our Company Leadership News & Press Careers Contact Us Protecting 215k+ customers like you with enterprise-grade protection. Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Cookie Consent © 2025 Huntress All Rights Reserved. Join the Hunt Get insider access to Huntress tradecraft, killer events, and the freshest blog updates. Email Sign Up By submitting this form, you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy