NTT | Security Holdings Products & Services Managed Detection and Response (MDR) Partner Program Insights & Resources Blog SOC Cyber Security Reports About Leadership News Releases Careers Contact Region Global Japan 2024 Global Threat Intelligence Report Growing attack surface and threat complexity mixed with reduced staffing and budgets is creating a perfect storm for security professionals. Read the Report Protection from a Global Leader With the support of our Global Threat Intelligence Center (GTIC) and leading-edge cybersecurity services, NTT delivers unique visibility into threat activity over the internet. You can rest assured knowing that your business is protected every second of every day. As your cybersecurity partner, NTT will help you: Minimize business impact by recognizing threats early. Reduce risk by detecting threats that could bypass existing controls. Gain cyber resilience quickly with cloud native turnkey solutions. Services & Products Cybersecurity is a constant challenge. That’s why more than 1,500 businesses around the world depend on NTT. By monitoring our customers’ IT/OT environments 24/7 with our proprietary intelligence, we can discover and respond to threats instantly and effectively with near-zero false positives – no matter how sophisticated and malicious the threats may be. Managed Detection and Response (MDR) NTT Security Holding’s CEO Shinichi Yokohama: Ensuring global cyber security requires public-private collaboration Digital optimism despite increased cyber threats and cross-border collaboration were two of the main themes of the Aspen Digital Global Cyber Security Group workshop in Madrid, Spain, in which NTT Security Holding’s CEO Shinichi Yokohama participated. The event was organized by Aspen Digital and aims to address significant technology and security challenges, and explore solutions for international cybersecurity collaboration across the public and private sectors. Read NTT Security Holding’s CEO Shinichi Yokohama:... Ransomware and extortion incidents surged by 67% in 2023, according to NTT Security Holdings 2024 Global Threat Intelligence Report Bad actors are using more aggressive and unscrupulous tactics to acquire personal data and extort ransoms Ransomware and extortion incidents surged by 67% in 2023, according to NTT Security Holdings recently released 2024 Global Threat Intelligence Report. Created by NTT Security Holdings Global Threat Intelligence Center, the report examines cybersecurity trends, provides insights on the threat landscape, and offers recommendations to help organizations better protect against cyberattacks. Read Ransomware and extortion incidents surged... NTT-CERT's 2023 Annual Cyber Security Report The NTT Group has a long-established tradition of leadership in the cybersecurity space. A key component of this is through the activities of NTT-CERT, which was established in 2004 with the goal of acting as NTT’s Computer Security Incident Response Team. Read NTT-CERT's 2023 Annual Cyber Security Report > 20+ years experience in 24x7 Managed Security Services 800+ billion logs processed per month 1500 enterprise customers 150+ technology partners in continual development of security products 73% of all security incidents last year detected by NTT-developed tools and methods 40%+ Our proprietary threat intelligence is derived from a variety of sources including our public Internet backbone covering more than 40% of the Internet 1 1 Based on CAIDA AS ranking NTT Advantages Proprietary Indicator of Compromise. As opposed to detecting threats from a single data source, NTT enables automated detection by combining data sources. Global Honeypot Network. NTT provides early warning and discovery of emerging threats thanks to a network geographically dispersed across multiple regions and multiple cloud providers. Trickbot Commander Controller. On average, our advanced technologies identify threats 24 hours before VirusTotal classifies the server as malicious. Information Sharing Network. Our extensive threat intelligence information sharing network includes US Homeland Security and the Cyber Threat Alliance. Cyber Security Report This report focuses on select topics that are important amongst information security incidents and events so far this year. The report discusses three current issues in-depth, focusing on the specific incidents and events that occurred, as well as the changes in the surrounding environment. View the Report “In our first month’s report, we had over 369 million security logs captured. Through NTT’s systems this was condensed to 637 events of which only one needed to be investigated.” Daniel Tribe Chief Technology Officer FEX Global Proactive Cyber Defense Services Cybersecurity that goes beyond Managed Detection & Response, both inside and outside your organization, using human resources as strengths. Talk to An Expert 日本語サイトをご覧になりますか? Would you like to view the Japanese site? Yes No Japan 14-1 Soto-Kanda, Akihabara UDX Bldg. 20th, South Floor 4 Chome, Chiyoda-ku Tokyo, Japan 101-0021 Sweden Krokslätts fabriker 30 431 37 Mölndal, Sweden Services Samurai MDR Resources About Contact Blog Legal Privacy Policy Website Terms and Conditions Cookie Statement © 2025 NTT Security Holdings. All Rights Reserved.