Swimlane: Agentic AI Security Automation, Hyperautomation, SOC Automation Request a Demo Why Swimlane Solutions By Use Case Common and creative use cases for low-code automation See all SOC Essentials Phishing Incident Response SIEM Triage Threat Hunting EDR Alert Triage Outside the SOC Vulnerability Management Compliance Audit Insider Threat Secure Employee Offboarding Fraud Prevention By Need The top security challenges that automation solves Automate Breach Prevention Mitigate SOC Alert Fatigue Connect Siloed Security Tools Manage SecOps Efficacy Unify Vulnerability Management By Industry Swimlane helps customers across all industries improve their security operations MSSP & MSPs Banking, Finance & Insurance Healthcare Energy & Utilities Federal Government Education, State & Local Government Retail More Products Built on the Turbine Platform A powerful AI automation platform complete with infinite integrations, AI, low-code playbooks, case management, dashboards, and reporting. Explore the Platform AI SOC Unlock a transparent and trustworthy AI SOC where every decision is explainable and every action is audible. Vulnerability Response Management Pick up where vulnerability scanners stop with smarter risk prioritization and management. Compliance Audit Readiness Transform GRC chaos from manual spreadsheets to a consolidated multi-framework compliance view. Business Continuity Management Strengthen organizational resilience with the most cost-effective solution for business continuity. Services Customer Success A team of global world class customer success managers to help along the way Professional Services Technical resources for deployment, management and optimization Training User training programs to develop skills and insights Support Support programs and user communities for help when you need it Resources Blog Get the scoop on the latest trends and perspectives shaping the automation community Knowledge Center Find all the information you need about using Swimlane Swimlane ROI Calculator Calculate your savings using Swimlane Resource Center One-stop-shop for the content you need to learn more about security automation Whitepapers Reports eBooks Joint Solution Briefs Videos Datasheets Webinars Infographics Case Studies Demo Center About About News Leadership Customers Trust Center Careers Brand Contact Us Partners Channel Partners Technology Alliances Become a Partner Swimlane University Partner Portal Contact Blog Support English English Français Deutsch 日本語 한국어 Português Español search Request a Demo Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Top Rated Meet the Swimlane AI SOC with Intelligent Deep Agents Best in Business ENTERPRISE AI HYPERAUTOMATION Agentic AI automation for every security function For Enterprise For MSSP Top Rated Meet the Swimlane AI SOC with Intelligent Deep Agents Best in Business AGENTIC AI AUTOMATION for MSSPs Scale Your Services with the Speed of Agentic AI Automation For Enterprise For MSSP Hero AI powers instant execution Empower your analyst team to execute automated responses using AI prompts to speed ad-hoc investigations and responses. Learn More Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Generate or modify active playbooks at enterprise-scale Instantly create enterprise-grade playbooks with the Hero AI Playbook Generator Agent, accelerating time-to-value and prototyping. Learn More Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Deploy expert agents across your SOC Scale SecOps by integrating expert AI agents into playbooks to manage dynamic reasoning with full context and guardrails. Learn More Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Hero AI powers instant and consistent service delivery Prompt Hero AI to execute ad-hoc playbook actions across all customer environments to lighten analysts’ workload and deliver consistent decisions 24/7. Learn More Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Generate and scale active playbooks across all tenants Instantly create and deploy transparent production-grade playbooks with our Playbook Generator Agent, ensuring rapid time-to-service and accelerated value for every client. Learn More Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Deploy expert agents to maximize analyst utilization Leverage expert AI agents within the guardrails of deterministic playbooks for consistent investigative depth, transforming linear labor costs into scalable service delivery. Learn More Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Agentic AI automation solutions for the work you hate Overcome alert fatigue Cybersecurity attacks are increasing in frequency and sophistication. With a shortage of over three million qualified SecOps talent, keeping up is impossible without AI automation. Learn More Tame tools and telemetry complexity Enterprise SOC teams utilize 30+ security tools, each with its own unique data schema and user experience. Ecosystem-agnostic hyperautomation simplifies siloed ecosystems, reducing context switching and complexity. Learn More Prevent costly breaches Threat actors use AI to scale their efforts, making automated threat detection and response essential. With the average cost of a breach at $4.5 million, companies can no longer afford to be outpaced. Learn More Is complexity holding you back? Supercharge the team you have Overcome the paradox of high demand and the need for more analysts with agentic AI automation. Learn More Stay a step ahead of emerging threats Offer proactive security services to stop threats in their tracks and prevent breaches. Learn More Help your clients stay compliant Provide evidence and audit services to meet unique compliance and regulatory requirements. Learn More Your browser does not support HTML5 video. SWIMLANE AI AGENTS Power your security workforce with expert AI agents and our new agent-builder. Your browser does not support HTML5 video. SWIMLANE AI AGENTS Your business – now faster, AI-automated, and more profitable Our Customers Trusted by the World’s Leading Organizations Agentic AI Case Management Infinite Integrations Low-Code Playbooks Dashboards & Reporting Swimlane Marketplace Cloud-Native Architecture AI answers, actions and outcomes Turn complex questions into action with a fleet of expert AI agents. Hero AI can help you reduce MTTR by 75% and close cases autonomously. Learn More AI agents for case management Supercharge your incident response with AI agents and NIST-aligned AI-recommended actions, complete with one-click triggers for ad-hoc remediation steps. Learn More Integrate with any API Goodbye to vendor-locked ecosystems, hello infinite integrations. Our marketplace has a growing list of connectors built on demand at no cost. Learn More Create playbooks and AI agents Create playbooks and AI agents faster than ever with Turbine Canvas. Now you can automate with no, low or full code supported by AI. Learn More Gain real-time intelligence Easily measure KPIs and security investment ROI, ensure compliance, and engage stakeholders with highly customizable dashboards and AI-augmented reporting. Learn More Unlock thousands of solutions Speed AI automation development with an ever-growing collection of AI agents, playbooks, integrations, widgets, and the industry’s most outcome-oriented solutions. Learn More Harness cloud-scale & speed Only Turbine’s agentic AI automation can execute 25 million daily actions for a single customer at 75k actions per minute. Learn More Dashboards & Reports Agentic AI Cloud-Native Architecture Multi-Tenant Platform Co-Branding Case Management Infinite Integrations Low-Code Playbooks Threat Intelligence Personalize client dashboards & reports Easily customize dashboards and reports based on your customers’ preferences to demonstrate how you improve their KPIs and deliver ROI. Learn More Add 20x capacity with agentic AI Bring autonomy, adaptability and goal-oriented actions into your workflows to add the capacity of 20 virtual SOC analysts to your team. Learn More Grow revenue at cloud-scale Only Turbine can help you scale your business by executing 25 million daily actions at the speed of 75k actions per minute. Learn More Securely scale & manage clients Effortlessly scale and secure clients with a unified platform while maintaining data separation and customization requirements. Learn More Put your brand front and center You can easily customize the Swimlane Turbine platform so that your company name and logo appear first for your clients upon login. AI agents speed incident response Improve your incident response capabilities and SLA’s with AI agents and NIST-aligned AI-recommended actions. Learn More Unify Any Customer Environment Integrate any API into your customer’s environment without investing time in developing or maintaining integrations yourself. Learn More Easily create playbooks and agents Differentiate your business with scalable and reusable automation actions and expert AI agents, built in a low-code development studio. Learn More Centralize your threat intelligence Community-source your threat intelligence by integrating Swimlane Turbine with any threat intelligence source, even homegrown repos. Learn More Agentic automation for a unified security organization From your SOC, to vulnerability management to compliance audits, Swimlane has your back. For the SOC For Vulnerability Management For Compliance Audits For Business Continuity Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Learn More Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Learn More Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Learn More Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Learn More Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Today’s most demanding security teams rely on Swimlane “Swimlane helps us increase the effectiveness and efficiency of our technology investments to ensure our security operations processes run smoothly.” Shawn McBurnie IT and OT Security Compliance Head Read Customer Story “I would recommend Swimlane to my peers, to all security operations departments and even to the C-level. It gives you a very robust look into the environment.” Jonathan Kennedy CISO Read Customer Story “Swimlane’s playbooks and dashboards are highly customizable, which was the biggest reason for our selection.” Kenji Kojima Chief Specialist, Security Strategy Group, Cyber Security Center, Corporate Technology Planning Div. of Toshiba Corporation Read Customer Story “The thing that sets Swimlane apart from any other security organization or partner I’ve worked with is the professional service team.” Rob Perrin Senior DevSecOps Engineer Read Customer Story Your browser does not support HTML5 video. The Fastest-Growing MSSPs Rely on Swimlane AI For doing it all and doing it quickly, nothing beats Swimlane….Swimlane’s ability to ingest millions of data points has been the biggest source of ROI. John Grigg Founder & Operations Director Read Customer Story “Swimlane really is the glue that holds everything together in our security stack… and reduce our mean-time-to-detect and mean-time-to-respond.” Brandon Potter Chief Technology Officer Read Customer Story wistia-player[media-id='kxyatcnga2']:not(:defined) { background: center / contain no-repeat url('https://fast.wistia.com/embed/medias/kxyatcnga2/swatch'); display: block; filter: blur(5px); padding-top:56.25%; } ' data-fancybox data-type='iframe' rel='fancybox-thumb' tabindex='0' data-video_data=''data-main-class='' data-click='close' data-click-slide='close' data-type='iframe'> “Migrating years of work in just weeks seemed impossible. But our Swimlane TAM became an extension of our team, working hand in hand, building workflows, getting us fully operational in record time”. Mike Pilcher Senior Cyber Security Specialist Read Customer Story “This partnership will allow our customers to receive more value from their existing technology investments.” Patrick Schraut SVP CyberSecurity Strategic Partnership “Swimlane Turbine helped AHEAD to reduce the number of alerts by 30% with the alert correlation capabilities.” Chase Hood Security Automation Engineering Lead Read Customer Story “I knew Swimlane would be the powerhouse of our SOC from the first call.” Tanajak Watanakij Vice President of Cybersecurity and CISO Read Customer Story “I would recommend Swimlane because of the outstanding support. Whenever we have an issue, it never takes more than 5 minutes to receive assistance.” Mike Schneider CERT Manager & Senior Security Analyst Read Customer Story Get an AI SOC market overview from Software Analyst Cyber Research Download Report Now Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Get the AI SOC report for MDR Download Guide Now Your browser does not support HTML5 video. AI-SOC Platform Innovator Swimlane Turbine stands out among AI SOC providers for proven scale, supporting thousands of daily users and billions of automation actions. Industry Pioneer for AI Vision and Roadmap QKS recognizes Swimlane Hero AI as the leader and only industry pioneer in SecOps AI maturity, based on its roadmap and vision. #1 Rated SOC Hyperautomation Platform “As a developer who created automations within Swimlane, this product is excellent. Creating workflows using out-of-the-box components allowed us to get use out of the product immediately.” Leader in GenAI SOC Analyst Platforms Swimlane Turbine was evaluated against 15 other vendors and found to be competitive with industry giants, surpassing the capabilities of other hyperautomation solutions. Your browser does not support HTML5 video. AI SOC Platforms for Service Providers Swimlane Turbine is architected to enable predictable, extensible and resilient MDR service delivery, complete with multi-tenancy and controls needed for large-scale operations. Leader in GenAI SOC Analyst Platforms Swimlane Turbine was evaluated against 15 other vendors and found to be competitive with industry giants, surpassing the capabilities of other hyperautomation solutions. Industry Pioneer for AI Vision and Roadmap QKS recognizes Swimlane Hero AI as the leader and only industry pioneer in SecOps AI maturity, based on its roadmap and vision. #1 Rated SOC Automation Platform “As a developer who created automations within Swimlane, this product is excellent. Creating workflows using out-of-the-box components allowed us to get use out of the product immediately.” Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Helping you extend agentic AI automation across security View All Resources News Swimlane Unveils Fleet of AI Agents and Agent-Builder to Power the Security Workforce Video The Swimlane Advantage: Automation in the Age of Agentic AI White Paper SANS Product Review: Swimlane for Incident Response and Visibility Grow your business with agentic AI automation View All Resources Resources Master Your Madness: How AI Automation Helps MSSPs Control Customer Chaos Resources AI Automation for MSSPs, Powered by Swimlane Turbine Case Studies End-to-End Security Solution for Vehicles from NTT DATA and Swimlane Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Ready to Get Started? Let’s talk Agentic AI automation for every security function © 2026 Swimlane Inc. All rights reserved. Legal Resources Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Services Customer Success Your Swimlane Implementation Checklist Training Support Resources Blog Resource Center Knowledge Center Partners Channel Partners Technology Alliances Become A Partner Solutions BY NEED Automate Breach Prevention Mitigate SOC Alert Fatigue Connect Siloed Security Tools Assess SecOps Efficacy BY INDUSTRY Banking, Finance & Insurance Healthcare Energy & Utilities Federal Government Education, State & Local Government MSSP & MSPs Retail BY USE CASE Phishing Incident Response SIEM Triage Threat Hunting EDR Alert Triage Platform Swimlane Turbine CAPABILITIES Active Sensing Fabric Autonomous Integrations Adaptable Low-Code Playbooks Actionable Insights About About Swimlane News Events The Voice of Swimlane Customers Trust Center Leadership Careers Brand Contact Us Legal We've detected you might be speaking a different language. Do you want to change to: English English Français Deutsch 日本語 한국어 Português Español Change Language Close and do not switch language We've detected you might be speaking a different language. Do you want to change to: English English Français Deutsch 日本語 한국어 Português Español Change Language