Home - Liquid C2 Skip to content Home About Solutions Intelligent Solutions We Empower Productivity Microsoft 365 Microsoft 365 Plus Exchange Online Dynamics 365 Microsoft Copilot We Communicate Voice & Collaboration OneVoice Calling OneVoice Cloud PBX OneVoice Operator Connect OneVoice Call Recording Cloud Contact Centre Telephone Management System We Connect Cloud Connectivity Microsoft 365 Direct Expressroute Azure Peering Service AWS Direct Connect We Expand Cloud Platforms Microsoft Azure Amazon Web Services Google Cloud Edge Platform-On-Demand We Secure Cyber Security Governance, Risk & Compliance Cyber Risk Assurance Cyber Defence Services Cyber Security Solutions Cloudflare We Advise Professional Services Discovery Services Planning Services Deployment Services Support Services Titanium Cloud Management AWS Well-Architected Reviews Shop Now Newsroom Newsroom Recent Intelligent Insight Penetration Testing Guide – A Practical Guide for Secure, Modern Organisations 16/02/2026 Case Study: A Comprehensive Cybersecurity Journey with MTS 02/12/2025 White Paper – Governance By Design: Ensuring Secure AI Adoption. 24/10/2024 Case Study: Capital Star Steel Strengthens Email Security With Liquid C2 SecureEmail 23/09/2024 Securing Data in the Cloud: Best practices and strategies for ensuring data protection and privacy within a cloud infrastructure 04/02/2024 Case Study: Si-Ware Partners with Liquid C2 on successful journey to ISO 27001 certification 12/12/2023 See All Insights Recent News Liquid C2 expands Google Cloud access in Africa with AI-driven distribution programme, Liquid G 01/12/2025 Cloudmania recognised as the winner of 2025 Microsoft Egypt Partner of the Year Award 24/11/2025 Liquid C2’s Cloudmania partners with AvePoint to enhance cloud transformation across Africa 08/09/2025 Liquid C2 builds on strategic partnership with Cloudflare to introduce enhanced cyber security solutions 14/11/2024 Liquid C2’s Secure360 solution pre-emptively addresses all aspects of security across an organisation’s digital environment 13/11/2024 Liquid C2 launches Cloudmania in Egypt, expanding its Middle East channel partner ecosystem 16/07/2024 See All News Stories Careers Contact an Expert Whatever your business challenge We'll C2 it. Talk to an Expert Need a digital acceleration partner to match your vision? We'll C2 it. Talk to an Expert Is the cloud clouding your vision? We'll C2 it. Talk to an Expert Got a cloud not-work instead of a cloud network? We'll C2 it. Talk to an Expert Security nightmares keeping you awake at night? We'll C2 it. Talk to an Expert Want to power-up productivity? We'll C2 it. Talk to an Expert Need one managed services provider for your multi-cloud needs? We'll C2 it. Talk to an Expert Smart Solutions To Scale Your Business Assisting organisations with the right technology to achieve growth, operate smartly, and gain efficiency. Revolutionise the way you reach your mobile and digital customer base across Africa and the world Conventional boundaries no longer define today’s workplaces. Instead, the modern workforce needs to collaborate and communicate with one another on their preferred device, chosen time zone, and favourite office space. Liquid C2 offers leading solutions to streamline workplace operations, secure cloud storage, rapid data recovery, and scale growth. Count on us to help you improve your customer experience with far-reaching cloud security solutions. Cloud Services Cyber Security Edge Platform We Empower Productivity Tools An employee is only as productive as his tools, and that statement is increasingly true in this digital age. Therefore, having access to such technology is pivotal for success with cloud-backed workplace application suites and applications tailored to automate mundane work. A highly productive workforce is critical to a successful organisation. Our productivity and communication licenses with Microsoft provide a host of interactive applications for the cloud. With the ability to communicate with all your relevant team members at any time from any device and from anywhere, you now never have to miss out on opportunities and can capitalise on new trends without wasting even a second. OneVoice Microsoft 365 Exchange Online Dynamics 365 Learn More... We Connect Cloud Connectivity C2 has a suite of connectivity products and services that connect you to strategically located data centres and offer unrivalled cloud solutions. This bouquet of products and services ensure exceptional cloud experiences and rich, evolving connectivity solutions. CloudConnect partners with industry-leading cloud platform providers offering secure and instant networking connectivity solutions. We offer premium licensing options through renowned cloud service providers such as Google, Microsoft, and Amazon. By eliminating the need to maintain physical hardware, your company can focus more on its strategic growth plans. Liquid Edge Microsoft ExpressRoute Microsoft Azure Peering Service Microsoft 365Direct Learn More... AI is the beginning of better business Learn more at Cassava AI We Secure Cyber Security As organisational data becomes increasingly important to help you understand your business, threat actors have become increasingly active to disrupt your workflow. It is crucial to your business sustainability to deploy smart backup and disaster recovery measures. Penetration testing and vulnerability scans help detect security gaps in your company’s recently transformed IT architecture. Our highly trained and knowledgeable ethical hackers fake cyberattacks for penetration testing to identify vulnerabilities and aspect how to support defenses. Acronis offers quick restoration of essential data such as attachments, contacts, websites, files, emails, etc., so it acts as an all-inclusive solution for all your data-related problems. Coupled with E-Guard and Secure Remote Access, this is a complete package to ensure your business is protected. Security Consulting Services Product Solutions & Services Managed Security Services Security Operation Centre Learn More... We Expand Cloud Platforms Whether your organisation is just migrating to the cloud or every team member is actively leveraging the cloud platform for daily operations, cloud-based solutions have firmly influenced the professional world. With cloud services, you can work any time, from anywhere, drastically augmenting workforce flexibility. Cloud computing has become a common term over the years, and organisations need to secure their data at all times. CloudConnect partners with industry-leading cloud platform providers offering secure and instant networking connectivity solutions. We offer premium licensing options through renowned cloud service providers such as Google, Microsoft, and Amazon. By eliminating the need to maintain physical hardware, your company can focus more on its strategic growth plans. Microsoft Azure Amazon Web Services Google Cloud Liquid Site Builder Learn More... We Advise Professional Services Leverage years of Managed Services Provider expertise managing various businesses have allowed us unique insight into a business process. As a result, we can help identify system vulnerabilities and provide lasting solutions that curb the issues once and for all. Equipped with the latest technology, our experts can curate a customised strategy that provides a concrete step-by-step roadmap to overcome your weaknesses. In addition, our workshops are designed to pinpoint high potential revenue streams, areas of improvement and strategize a path to organisational growth. What’s more – our cybersecurity experts put your cloud landscape through rigorous testing to reveal any potential flaws that can be exploited. With a secure business presence and renewed insight into your business, you can continue making informed decisions that guarantee you enhanced ROI. Discovery Services Planning Services Deployment Services Support Services Titanium Cloud Management AWS Well-Architected Learn More... Sign up to stay updated with Liquid C2 and receive our FREE REPORT C2 News & Insights Insights Penetration Testing Guide – A Practical Guide for Secure, Modern Organisations Download our Penetration Testing Guide and learn how to plan, scope, and manage effective penetration tests that strengthen your security posture – not just tick a compliance box. Penetration testing is often misunderstood, which leads to wasted budgets, weak scopes, and reports that never translate into real risk reduction. This Read More » 16/02/2026 Insights Case Study: A Comprehensive Cybersecurity Journey with MTS When Misr Technology Services (MTS), the technical arm of Egypt’s Ministry of Finance needed to strengthen their national trade platform, they partnered with Liquid C2 to elevate cybersecurity to international standards. Through our Secure360 framework, we helped MTS: -Achieve ISO 27001 certification -Strengthen operational resilience -Establish a 24/7 SOC for proactive defense -Build stakeholder Read More » 02/12/2025 News Liquid C2 expands Google Cloud access in Africa with AI-driven distribution programme, Liquid G Liquid C2, a business of Cassava Technologies, a global technology leader of African heritage, has announced the launch of its AI-powered Google Cloud distribution programme. Known as Liquid G, the programme is designed to accelerate cloud adoption and growth for African resellers and enterprises. Delivered through Cloudmania, Liquid G builds Read More » 01/12/2025 News Cloudmania recognised as the winner of 2025 Microsoft Egypt Partner of the Year Award Liquid C2, a business of Cassava Technologies, a global technology leader of African heritage, is proud to announce that its Cloudmania business has won the 2025 Microsoft Partner of the Year Award for Egypt. Cloudmania was honoured among a global field of top Microsoft partners for demonstrating excellence in innovation Read More » 24/11/2025 News Liquid C2’s Cloudmania partners with AvePoint to enhance cloud transformation across Africa Liquid C2, a business of Cassava Technologies, a global technology leader of African heritage, has announced a partnership between its Cloudmania business and global independent software vendor AvePoint(Nasdaq: AVPT). Under the agreement, Cloudmania will distribute AvePoint across Africa, opening new markets and opportunities for secure cloud adoption across the continent. Read More » 08/09/2025 News Liquid C2 builds on strategic partnership with Cloudflare to introduce enhanced cyber security solutions Liquid C2, a business unit of Cassava Technologies has further solidified its strategic partnership with Cloudflare. The latter has appointed Liquid C2 as the first distributor of their new range of cyber security products in South Africa, a testament to Liquid C2 expertise and trustworthiness in the industry. In addition Read More » 14/11/2024 Need a Consultation? Drop us a line! We are here to answer your questions. Contact us... Facebook Twitter Linkedin Privacy Notice Cookies Policy © 2026 All Rights Reserved Contact Us First Name * Last Name * Company * Number of Employees Number of Employees 20-100 100-500 500" data-calculation="0">>500 Email * Phone * Area of Interest Area of Interest Productivity & Collaboration Cloud Connectivity Voice Solutions Cloud Platforms Cyber Security Professional Services Other Country * Country DR Congo Kenya Mauritius Middle East Rwanda South Africa South Sudan Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe Other Message 0 / 180 GDPR * Yes, I agree with the privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Send Message Contact Us First Name * Last Name * Company * Number of Employees Number of Employees 20-100 100-500 500" data-calculation="0">>500 Email * Phone * Area of Interest Area of Interest Productivity & Collaboration Cloud Connectivity Voice Solutions Cloud Platforms Cyber Security Professional Services Other Country * Country DR Congo Kenya Mauritius Middle East Rwanda South Africa South Sudan Tanzania Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe Other Message 0 / 180 GDPR * Yes, I agree with the privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Send Message