Managed Detection and Response Services | Red Canary Skip Navigation Get a Demo Products Solutions Resources Why Red Canary Company Get a Demo 2022 Threat Detection Report PDF 2022 Executive Summary PDF Intro Past Reports Threats Techniques Introduction Ransomware Supply Chain Compromises Vulnerabilities Affiliates Crypters-as-a-Service Common Webshells User-Initiated Initial Access Malicious macOS Installers Remote Monitoring and Management Abuse Linux Coinminers Abusing Remote Procedure Calls Defense Validation and Testing Top Threats Rose Flamingo Silver Sparrow Bazar Latent Threats Cobalt Strike Impacket SocGholish Yellow Cockatoo Gootkit BloodHound Top Techniques Command and Scripting Interpreter Signed Binary Proxy Execution Windows Management Instrumentation OS Credential Dumping Ingress Tool Transfer Process Injection Scheduled Task/Job Obfuscated Files or Information Masquerading Hijack Execution Flow Impair Defenses The Red Canary Difference Atomic Red Team Integrations Our partners Named a leader in MDR BY DOMAIN Identity Protect users and SaaS apps Email Stop BEC and phishing Endpoint Stop ransomware and malware Cloud Protect multicloud environments BY TECHNOLOGY Microsoft CrowdStrike SentinelOne Carbon Black Palo Alto Networks AWS Google Linux & Kubernetes By Industry Financial Services Healthcare Technology Manufacturing Education Government On-demand Webinar How to detect business email compromise Blog Guides & Overviews Case Studies Videos Webinars Cybersecurity 101 Events Documentation Demo Video Hub View All Resources 2025 Threat Detection Report Read our latest analysis of security trends and the rise of identity-based threats. About Us News & Press Careers - We're Hiring! Trust Center and Security Contact Us How can we help you? Liner Notes Side 1: Trends Side 2: Threats Bonus Tracks: Techniques Managed Detection and Response Find and stop threats 24x7 across your IT environment AI Agents Unlock speed and expertise at scale Threat Intelligence Improve operations with research, insights, and threat hunting Automation Respond faster with customizable, easy-to-use playbooks Security Data Lake Cut log storage spend while boosting security Managed Phishing Response Respond to every reported phishing email Training & Tabletops Prepare for cybersecurity incidents with interactive experiences What's New Check out our latest capabilities Plans Packages for companies of every size Products Managed Detection and Response AI Agents Threat Intelligence Automation Security Data Lake Managed Phishing Response Training & Tabletops What's New Plans Solutions By domain Identity Email Endpoint Cloud By technology Microsoft CrowdStrike SentinelOne Carbon Black Palo Alto Networks AWS Google Linux & Kubernetes By Industry Financial Services Healthcare Technology Manufacturing Education Government Resources Blog Guides & Overviews Case Studies Videos Webinars Cybersecurity 101 Events Documentation Demo Video Hub View All Resources Why Red Canary The Red Canary Difference Atomic Red Team Integrations Our partners Company About Us News & Press Careers - We're Hiring! Trust Center and Security Contact Us Managed Detection and Response Detect and stop threats 24×7 across your endpoints, identities, cloud and beyond. Get a demo See Plans Why security teams partner with Red Canary Your organization is unique, and so is our ability to solve your challenges. Explore the use cases below to see how other teams are using Red Canary MDR to improve security outcomes. Augment your SOC Get a 24x7 SOC instantly Operationalize your Microsoft security investments Replace an MSSP or MDR Stop ransomware Augment your SOC Augment your SOC Sophisticated teams need partners who meet or exceed their level of expertise. Whether you want to relieve your analysts of alert fatigue, reallocate staff to more strategic projects, or both, Red Canary can facilitate your team’s operational efficiency. Hear what our our enterprise customers have to say Get a 24x7 SOC instantly Get a 24x7 SOC instantly Building a trusted, measurable, 24×7 security operations program is no small feat. If you’re trying to develop the capabilities from scratch or accelerate your program’s maturity Red Canary’s here to help. Check out the benefits of our 24x7 coverage Operationalize your Microsoft security investments Operationalize your Microsoft security investments Thousands of organizations are moving their security investments to the Microsoft stack as they centralize their endpoint, identity, cloud, and SIEM investments. Red Canary helps organizations throughout that transition and ensures ROI from the Microsoft platform. MDR for Microsoft Replace an MSSP or MDR Replace an MSSP or MDR Decades of poor experiences, low quality, frustrating pricing, and getting breached while “protected” has led many security teams to question their investments in MSSP services (or their new “MDR” rebrandings). We often hear that Red Canary is the preferred choice for CISOs who “have a long history of firing MSSPs”. We’re honored to serve teams that have really high expectations. Why modern security teams are choosing MDR over MSSP Stop ransomware Stop ransomware The majority of breaches continue happening on user endpoints. Pairing Red Canary with a trusted endpoint detection & response (EDR) platform is the best way to identify everything from ransomware to software supply chain attacks. No other MDR has investigated more threats on endpoints since the advent of EDR. PROTECT YOUR ENDPOINTS "Red Canary proves the value of turning threat intelligence into meaningful detections." The Forrester Wave™: Managed Detection And Response Services, Q1 2025 “Red Canary proves the value of turning threat intelligence into meaningful detections.” The Forrester Wave: Managed Detection And Response, Q2 2023 View Guide Stop prevalent threats across critical domains Endpoints Credential theft Malware Ransomware Reconnaissance & espionage Unmanaged devices (IoT) Learn more Identities Account compromise Unauthorized access Business email compromise Brute force attacks MFA attacks Learn more Cloud Compromised user credentials Misconfigured environments Runtime threats IAM role abuse Data exfiltration Learn more Intelligence-led security across your environment Connect your security alerts and telemetry. We will pinpoint threats and help you respond 24×7. Detections you can trust: 99+% true positive rate keeps your focus on signal, not noise Insights you can act on– fast : On-demand adversary insights and expert collaboration Expert response you can count on 24×7: Guided, automated, and human-led capabilities so you can sleep “Red Canary takes the intelligence they see across their customers’ environments and applies it immediately to us. That visibility and context fuels our own threat hunting and speeds up our reaction.” Enterprise CISO ~10K Employee Hospital and Healthcare System READ THE CASE STUDY How It Works How It Works Get more value from your tools Red Canary analyzes alerts and telemetry across multiple products to stop threats before impact. View Integrations What it means for you No more wondering. As soon as it happens, you’ll know. We only notify you of cyber threats that matter. Our notifications are accurate, complete, and timely so that you can quickly go from awareness to action. Multiple Red Canary experts validate threats before we alert you, ensuring you focus on real threats and not false positives. Find the needles in the haystack. Red Canary identifies threats that you’d otherwise miss, and we show you the data to prove it. 4,000+ behavioral analytics alongside automated and ad-hoc threat hunts uncover elusive adversary activity. Respond, recover, and improve. Automate response through playbooks that integrate with your collaboration tools, incident management, and security products. Would you rather have Red Canary’s experts handle the remediation? No problem. We Got You Quantify improvements to your security program We are fully transparent as to the volume of data we analyze, suspicious events we detect, and threats we stop. With the average cost of a data breach eclipsing $4.4M, it’s easy to measure risk reduction based on the number of threats Red Canary neutralizes. Additional Resources Training & Tabletops Readiness Exercises Prepare for cybersecurity incidents with interactive experiences View Readiness Demo See Red Canary in action In your 30-minute personal demo, find out how Red Canary: Get Demo Guide MDR Buyer's Guide This guide delivers the crucial insights necessary to identify the best provider for your organization. View Guide See Red Canary in action Schedule your demo now Get a Demo Security gaps? We got you. Sign up for our monthly email newsletter for expert insights on MDR, threat intel, and security ops—straight to your inbox. Products Managed Detection and Response Security Data Lake Training & Tabletops Threat Intelligence Automation Atomic Red Team Plans What's New? Documentation Products and Solutions Administration APIs and Extensibility Licensing and Usage Release Notes Supported Integrations Partners Overview Incident Response Insurance and Risk Managed Service Providers Solution Providers Technology Partners Apply to Become a Partner Support Support Article Getting Help Contact Support Manage Tickets Company About Us Subscribe to Blog The Red Canary Difference News and Press Careers - We're Hiring! Contact Us info@redcanary.com | +1-855-977-0686 | Privacy Policy © 2014-2026 Red Canary. All rights reserved. | Trust Center and Security | Cookie Settings Back to Top