Managed Detection & Response (MDR) Services | Bridewell skip to main content 24/7 Incident Response UK US +44 (0)3303 110 940 Services Services Cyber Security Consultancy Cyber Security Consultancy Overview Our services cover on-premise, cloud and operational technology environments and can be leveraged to support transformation programmes or meet specific industry requirements. Cyber Security Services Cyber Security Audit Cyber Security Architecture Cloud Security Posture Management Information Security Office as a Service (ISOS) NCSC Assured Services Risk Assessment Risk Management Endpoint Security Posture Assessment Operational Technology Services Cyber Security Merger and Acquisition Services Cyber Security Frameworks ISO 27001 ISO 22301 ISO 9001 PCI DSS Consultancy NCSC Cyber Assessment Framework (CAF) Defence Cyber Certification (DCC) Microsoft Services Microsoft Cloud Security Services Microsoft Funded Engagement Microsoft Security Copilot Microsoft E3 and E5 Assessment Microsoft Sentinel Managed Security Managed Security Overview Secure your organisation 24/7 with the industry-leading expertise, methodologies, and cyber threat intelligence capabilities of a managed security services provider. Managed Detection & Response Vulnerability Management Services Security Operations Centre Cyber Threat Intelligence Cybiquity Defend Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) Operational Technology (OT) SOC Data Privacy Data Privacy Overview Keep pace with evolving regulatory and compliance demands and build trust in the personal data being used by your organisation with Bridewell’s data privacy services. ISO 27701 Consultancy GDPR Gap Analysis Data Privacy Maturity Framework ISO 27018 Consultancy Data Protection Officer as a Service Data Privacy Audit GDPR Data Mapping Data Privacy Consultancy Microsoft Purview Cookie Consent Manager Managed Data Security Penetration Testing Penetration Testing Overview Assess the security of your organisation’s network from an internal and external perspective by completing a penetration test with Bridewell’s highly certified and experienced offensive security experts. Wireless Penetration Testing Red Team Assessment Open Source Intelligence Phishing Assessments Social Engineering Testing Mobile Application Penetration Testing Web Application Testing Infrastructure Penetration Testing Cloud Infrastructure Assessments 24/7 Incident Response 24/7 Incident Response Overview Our cyber security incident response specialists are available 24/7 to identify, contain, and eliminate breaches within your infrastructure Incident Response Services Digital Forensics & Incident Response 24/7 Incident Response Services Cyber Incident Exercising Resources Cyber Incident Response Quick Action Flowchart On Demand: What Happens, Why it Happens, How to Respond Experiencing a breach? Contact us now for immediate support. Overview of all Services Cyber Security Consultancy Overview Our services cover on-premise, cloud and operational technology environments and can be leveraged to support transformation programmes or meet specific industry requirements. Cyber Security Services Cyber Security Audit Cyber Security Architecture Cloud Security Posture Management Information Security Office as a Service (ISOS) NCSC Assured Services Risk Assessment Risk Management Endpoint Security Posture Assessment Operational Technology Services Cyber Security Merger and Acquisition Services Cyber Security Frameworks ISO 27001 ISO 22301 ISO 9001 PCI DSS Consultancy NCSC Cyber Assessment Framework (CAF) Defence Cyber Certification (DCC) Microsoft Services Microsoft Cloud Security Services Microsoft Funded Engagement Microsoft Security Copilot Microsoft E3 and E5 Assessment Microsoft Sentinel Managed Security Overview Secure your organisation 24/7 with the industry-leading expertise, methodologies, and cyber threat intelligence capabilities of a managed security services provider. Managed Detection & Response Vulnerability Management Services Security Operations Centre Cyber Threat Intelligence Cybiquity Defend Security Information and Event Management (SIEM) Operational Technology (OT) SOC Data Privacy Overview Keep pace with evolving regulatory and compliance demands and build trust in the personal data being used by your organisation with Bridewell’s data privacy services. ISO 27701 Consultancy GDPR Gap Analysis Data Privacy Maturity Framework ISO 27018 Consultancy Data Protection Officer as a Service Data Privacy Audit GDPR Data Mapping Data Privacy Consultancy Microsoft Purview Cookie Consent Manager Managed Data Security Penetration Testing Overview Assess the security of your organisation’s network from an internal and external perspective by completing a penetration test with Bridewell’s highly certified and experienced offensive security experts. Wireless Penetration Testing Red Team Assessment Open Source Intelligence Phishing Assessments Social Engineering Testing Mobile Application Penetration Testing Web Application Testing Infrastructure Penetration Testing Cloud Infrastructure Assessments 24/7 Incident Response Overview Our cyber security incident response specialists are available 24/7 to identify, contain, and eliminate breaches within your infrastructure Incident Response Services Digital Forensics & Incident Response 24/7 Incident Response Services Cyber Incident Exercising Resources Cyber Incident Response Quick Action Flowchart On Demand: What Happens, Why it Happens, How to Respond Experiencing a breach? Contact us now for immediate support. Why Bridewell? Why Bridewell? About Us Partners Accreditations & Certifications Awards & Recognitions Careers Bridewell Academy Why Choose Bridewell? About Us Partners Accreditations & Certifications Awards & Recognitions Careers Bridewell Academy Why Choose Bridewell? Industries Industries Aviation Energy Financial Services Government Transport Water Healthcare View All Industries Aviation Energy Financial Services Government Transport Water Healthcare View All Industries Insights Insights Blogs News Reports and Guides Case Studies Learn Hub CAF Connect Blogs News Reports and Guides Case Studies Learn Hub CAF Connect Webinars & Events Contact Us Contact Us Services Managed Security Managed Detection & Response Managed Detection and Response (MDR) Secure your organisation 24/7 with the threat detection and response capabilities of a leading MDR provider. Speak to our Managed Security Experts We deploy highly certified security analysts in your environment to detect, analyse, and actively respond to threats across technologies. The Importance of a Managed Detection and Response Service Organisations experiencing rapid growth can often find their ability to detect and respond to security events lags behind the rest of their cyber security capabilities. Maintaining Key Visibility: As new technologies and processes are introduced to modernise their operations, it is harder for them to maintain complete visibility across all their environments and otherwise mature their security posture. This is especially true for organisations that are dependent on operational technology (OT) or are in the process of completing digitalisation projects. Addressing Security Gaps in IT-OT Convergence and Cloud Migration The convergence of IT and OT, and increasing cloud migration, creates unique security requirements that most organisations can't address with the resources and expertise they have available. With regulatory requirements also evolving, many organisations find themselves unclear on how to mature their capabilities quickly and in line with best practice. What to Expect From a MDR Service Our analysts hold numerous certifications from the NCSC, CREST, SANS, and ASSURE. Here are a list of things you can expect from a Managed Detection and Response service. Deploy MDR Capabilities at Pace Once you begin an engagement with Bridewell, our eam can deliver MDR capabilities in less than a week. A Partner to Your Security Team Our MDR service is tailored around the current resources and capabilities of your security team to ensure it delivers maximum value. Extended Detection and Response (XDR) Our MDR covers endpoints, cloud, networks, on-premises telemetry and provides real-time management for alerts. Advanced Threat Hunting Our analysts will further improve detection by proactively searching for threats in your network. Automation Driven By Expertise Bridewell leverages deep experience across sectors to deliver impactful MSS and only rely on automation where it provides real value-add. Threat Intelligence Led The integration of our threat intelligence and research into every facet of our MSS offerings ensures your organisation is continually assessed and improved to respond to the latest threats and actors. What are the benefits of MDR? Integrate Additional Resources and Expertise Achieve 24/7 MDR and address your key cyber security challenges by incorporating our experts into your security operations. Mature Your Security Posture Drive proactive security improvements throughout your organisation to reduce risk, based upon intelligence and assessment. Prioritise Key Initiatives and Processes We take responsibility for your security operations so you can dedicate resources to other high value activities. Improve Your Security Investment We'll review and consolidate your technology stack so you can derive more value from your chosen security solutions. Speak to our Managed Security Experts See How we Supported Northern Gas Networks "Bridewell’s technical subject matter experts are some of the best we’ve ever worked with. We’ve recommended them to other utilities providers in the UK and Group Companies." Andy Ley – Senior Cyber Security Architect Read their story Start your MDR Journey Speak with one of our consultants to see how we can support your organisation with a Managed Detection and Response service. Speak to our Managed Security Experts How We Deliver our MDR Service From day one of working with us, our consultants work rapidly to protect you from threats. In the event of a security incident or breach, we will take the lead on investigation and incident response. To quickly deliver early SOC services, Bridewell rapidly deploys and manages Microsoft Sentinel SIEM technology and integrates your EDR and XDR technology stack. A Tailored Service: We customise the service by tailoring to your specific business needs, with all of our monitoring tools being deployed as code in your tenants and treated as your intellectual property. Cyber Threat Intelligence: Our MDR service makes extensive use of the latest threat intelligence and our own threat research to enhance our prevention, detection and remediation capabilities. Speak to our Managed Security Experts Managed Detection & Response FAQ's What Is the Difference Between Managed Detection and Response (MDR) and Traditional Security Monitoring? The main difference is that MDR focuses on proactive detection and response to cyber threats. MDR services are designed to proactively identify, investigate and respond to threats that have evaded detection by traditional security solutions by integrating threat hunting into the detection service. This leverages threat intelligence to analyse threats, actors, and behaviours, as well as zero-day attacks. Traditional security monitoring from most service providers typically rely on passive detection methods, such as signature-based detection, which can only detect known threats. What Are the Key Components of a Managed Detection and Response (MDR) Solution? An MDR solution typically includes the following key components: Great people with strong expertise and experience. Modern and proactive processes - i.e. threat hunting, content development and automation - that leverage threat intelligence and research. The ability to integrate modern XDR along with IT and OT assets. Why Us? Awards Our team have won numerous industry awards, including 'Cyber Business of the Year' at the National Cyber Awards 2024 and 'Best Cyber Security Company of the Year' at the Cyber Security Awards 2023. Certifications Our people and services are highly accredited by leading industry bodies including CREST, the NCSC, and more. Our SOC holds extensive accreditations from CREST (including for CSIR and SOC2) and works closely with our cyber consultancy services. Partnerships As a Microsoft Partner, we also hold advanced specialisms in Cloud Security and Threat Protection. We’ve also implemented some of the UK’s largest deployments of the Microsoft Security stack, inc. Sentinel, Defender, Purview and more. Accreditations and Certifications We hold the most NCSC assured services of any cyber security services provider. Our cyber security consultants and services are globally recognised for meeting the highest standards of accreditation and have leading industry certifications. Ready to Take the Next Step? Embark on a journey to increase your cyber resilience, improve your cyber security posture, and reduce your cyber security risk with our comprehensive Security Advisory services. Bridewell may contact you from time to time to keep you informed of security news and events. You will always have an option to change your preferences or unsubscribe in line with our Privacy Policy. Click to view our Bridewell.com Privacy Policy or Bridewell US Privacy Policy. Looking for other services? Take a look at our other Managed Security Services... Vulnerability Management View Service Cybiquity Defend View Service Cyber Threat Intelligence View Service Back to all services Services Cyber Security Consultancy Managed Security Data Privacy Penetration Testing 24/7 Incident Response About Us Services Why Bridewell? Insights Careers Legal Trust Centre Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Sitemap Complaints Policy Modern Slavery Statement Contact Us +44 (0)3308 285 880 Get in Touch Copyright 2025 Bridewell English (United States)