Managed Detection and Response (MDR) Service | LevelBlue LevelBlue Acquires Fortra’s Alert Logic MDR Business, Strengthening Position as Global MDR Leader. Learn More Government Contact Us Login USM Anywhere Login Fusion Platform Login MailMarshal Cloud Login Incident Response Experiencing a security breach? Access immediate incident response support, available 24/7 24 HOUR HOTLINES AMERICAS +1 855 438 4305 EMEA +44 8081687370 AUSTRALIA +61 1300901211 SINGAPORE +65 68175019 Get Immediate Assistance Recommended Actions Services Solutions Why LevelBlue Partners Resources Incident Response Incident Response Experiencing a security breach? Access immediate incident response support, available 24/7 24 HOUR HOTLINES AMERICAS +1 855 438 4305 EMEA +44 8081687370 AUSTRALIA +61 1300901211 SINGAPORE +65 68175019 Get Immediate Assistance Recommended Actions Submit RFP Government Contact Us Login login USM Anywhere Login Fusion Platform Login MailMarshal Cloud Login Request a Demo LevelBlue Acquires Fortra’s Alert Logic MDR Business, Strengthening Position as Global MDR Leader. Learn More Submit RFP Request a Demo Services Cyber Advisory Managed Cloud Security Data Security Managed Detection & Response Email Security Managed Network Infrastructure Security Exposure Management Security Operations Platforms Incident Readiness & Response SpiderLabs Threat Intelligence View All Services Solutions BY INDUSTRY Education Financial Services Government Healthcare Retail & Hospitality Legal Manufacturing Technology Energy & Utilities BY REGULATION Data Privacy CMMC FISMA GDPR GLBA HIPAA ISO SOX BY TOPIC Offensive Security Solutions to maximize your security ROI Operational Technology End-to-end OT security Microsoft Security Unlock the full power of Microsoft Security Securing the IoT Landscape Test, monitor and secure network objects Why LevelBlue About Us We reduce cyber risk and build resilience Awards and Accolades The most recognized cybersecurity leader LevelBlue SpiderLabs Elite global threat experts and intelligence PGA of America Partnership Cybersecurity at the championship level Secure What's Next Future-proof your organization LevelBlue Security Operations Platforms Unprecedented security visibility and control Security Colony Cybersecurity threat protection resources Partners Microsoft Unlock the full power of Microsoft Security Technology Alliance Partners Key alliances who align and support our ecosystem of security offerings Register Login Resources BLOGS LevelBlue Blog SpiderLabs Blog UPCOMING Webinars Events MEDIA & ASSETS Resource Library Videos Analyst Reports Webinar Replays Case Studies Free Trials NOTICES Security Advisories Software Updates HELP Contact Support Managed Detection and Response Defend confidently. Respond precisely. Request a Demo Request Pricing LevelBlue Managed Detection and Response is an industry-leading enterprise solution that uses exclusive intelligence to track, hunt, and eradicate cybersecurity threats with accuracy. ANALYST REPORT Leader, 2025 IDC MarketScape Asia/Pacific MDR Services AWARD LevelBlue named Leading MSSP in 2025 Top InfoSec Innovator Awards ANALYST REPORT LevelBlue recognized for Growth & Innovation in 2025 Frost Radar™: MDR Eliminate threats quickly and precisely with proven MDR. LevelBlue leverages your existing security infrastructure to maximize your investment and get the most from your tools. Stop active threats 24/7/365 with global coverage Enhance your team with tenured cybersecurity experts Reduce risk with a stronger defensive posture Download Data Sheet The Right Telemetry at the Right Time Get greater visibility & context with high-value telemetry when it matters most Elite SpiderLabs Threat Intelligence Benefit from a unique understanding of the threat landscape Known & Unknown Threat Detection See beyond IoCs to identify behavioral threats undetected by cyber technologies Thorough Incident Investigation Eradicate threats through comprehensive context-based investigation enabled by AI Rapid & Effective Responses Contain & mitigate threats quickly before damage is done Client-Informed Decisions Take response actions as an extension of your team through client-driven protocols Globally recognized by industry analysts as a leading MDR provider. Learn More ANALYST REPORT Named in Gartner ® Market Guide for Managed Detection & Response Get peak visibility and control from a built-to-fit platform. LevelBlue Fusion ® is a cloud-native security operations platform purpose-built for the enterprise. View threat details and take action from our mobile app or web portal to achieve new levels of responsiveness and protection. Get peak visibility and control from a built-to-fit platform. Trustwave Fusion® is a cloud-native security operations platform purpose-built for the enterprise. View threat details and take action from our mobile app or web portal to achieve new levels of responsiveness and protection. The first and only pure-play MDR provider with FedRAMP authorization. Learn More Unlock the full power of Microsoft Security. Get the best results from your Microsoft investment by partnering with LevelBlue, no matter where you are in your journey. Optimize your enterprise with our custom Microsoft Security services. Transition safely with expert migration to the Microsoft platform from legacy systems, or from E3 to E5 Realize value faster from your Microsoft Security investment Includes support for your entire heterogenous ecosystem About Our Microsoft Credentials MXDR for Microsoft Eliminate active threats across Microsoft Defender XDR with speed & precision Managed SIEM for Microsoft Sentinel Reduce complexity of configuring & managing Microsoft Sentinel MXDR Elite for Microsoft with Co-Managed SOC Enhance outcomes with tailored support by LevelBlue Microsoft Security Advisors Co-Managed SOC for Microsoft Sentinel Take SecOps to the next level with our experts, mature process, & proven content MDR for Microsoft Defender for Endpoint Eliminate threats with layered detection, thorough investigation, & response Accelerators for Microsoft Security Accelerate value & security outcomes with Microsoft Security fit to your requirements Advanced Continual Threat Hunting for Microsoft Defender Stop hidden threats before damage is done, go beyond alerts with TTP hunting Implementation & Optimization Services for Microsoft Security Implement migrations, best practices, & roadmap to unlock the value of Microsoft Security Ready to see LevelBlue in action? Request a Demo Partnerships with all leading technologies that maximize the value of your current investments. GLOBAL EXPERTISE RAPID ONBOARDING HOW WE COMPARE Elite experts. Renowned intelligence. Stay ahead of disruption with LevelBlue SpiderLabs. Our global team of 1k+ security consultants, threat hunters, incident responders, forensic investigators, and researchers proactively protect our clients and deliver cutting-edge research. Learn More Billions of threat intelligence records 100M+ indicators submitted to OTX annually 2K+ pen tests delivered annually 60M suspicious URLs, files, and artifacts analyzed monthly Threat Intelligence SpiderLabs Uncovers Ov3r_Stealer Malware in Fake Facebook Ads Onboard in days, not weeks. Realize rapid time-to-value with LevelBlue’s proven onboarding approach that gets organizations up and running in days. Our nimble teams are ready to implement at your pace. Download eBook Security Software Providers MDR Providers Outsourcers/ Consultancies Highly differentiated IP for in-depth detection, investigation, and response Unique threat intelligence infused throughout portfolio Behavior-based threat hunting to identify threats missed by leading security technologies Heterogenous clients powered by a multi-tenant, highly scalable platform Optimization for all major best-of-breed technologies Rapid onboarding in days with proven methodology to de-risk transitions End-to-end offensive and defensive security services The most analyst recognized provider in the industry See how clients are future proofing their security. “ LevelBlue is helping us shift to a proactive security stance against threats, giving us greater confidence in our ability to respond to cybersecurity threats faster and more effectively. ” Senior Cybersecurity Manager Metal Distribution Read the Case Study “ With 12 million events per day, the fear of being comprised is real. LevelBlue helps us funnel those into 12 priority incidents, making our security response stronger and less overwhelming for our team. ” Cybersecurity Lead Healthcare Read the Case Study “ We weren’t expecting the SpiderLabs proactive threat hunters to discover that a member of our own team was spreading malware. ” Large-Scale Public Utility Company Read the Case Study FAQs What is a Managed Detection and Response service? Managed detection and response (MDR) is a cyber security service that helps companies process and respond to alert data coming from various security tools in their environment. MDR helps companies identify benign alerts, or “false positives” and quickly home in on those that represent credible threats. Most MDR providers will then alert the client’s security team to the threat, leaving it to them to respond. Others will aid clients in responding to the incident. What are the benefits of an MDR service? An MDR service provider can deliver numerous benefits, including: Improve your threat visibility across your environment, including hybrid cloud infrastructure Eliminate active threats on a 24/7 basis Extract more value from your existing security solutions by making them more effective Detect and respond to threats more quickly, and with more precision Improve your security posture by finding sophisticated threats, including persistent threats and intruders who are embedded in your environment Augment your internal security team with additional security professionals The benefits obtained from using MDR service providers are so significant that Gartner estimates 50 percent of organizations will be using MDR services by 2025 and that the market is growing at a rate nearly five times that of other managed security service (MSS) offerings. I’ve got lots of security tools. Why do I need an MDR service? Investing in security solutions such as endpoint detection and response (EDR) , security information and event management (SIEM), and security orchestration automation and response (SOAR) platforms is a wise choice. Each of them plays a crucial role in an overall cyber security strategy by generating alerts when they detect suspicious activity in your environment and helping you with threat management. Often, however, the number of alerts they generate is too large for companies to effectively deal with, especially since most of them are false positives. That makes it difficult for organizations to filter through the alerts and find those that represent credible threats. A good MDR provider will ingest high value telemetry from your existing security tools, correlate alerts coming from across the environment, eliminate false positives, and zero in on alerts that are indicative of an actual threat. So, an MDR service complements the security tools you already have, helping you parse the alerts they generate so you get more value from them. I’m using multiple cloud-based services and still have significant on-premises infrastructure. Can a single Managed Detection and Response service cover all of that? Yes. LevelBlue MDR can span hybrid cloud environments that include multiple cloud providers as well as on-premises infrastructure. It’s all configured to appear as a single logical environment to LevelBlue, so alerts are correlated for investigation context across all of the infrastructure. I’m already spending a lot of money on cyber security. How can I cost-justify a Managed Detection and Response service on top of everything else? MDR helps you maximize investments in your various security tools and platforms by ensuring you get the value they are intended to provide. While it’s great to have EDR, SIEM, SOAR and other tools, they don’t really deliver value unless you can act on the alerts and other information they give you. That’s where many organizations fall short, because they simply don’t have enough security expertise in-house to monitor alerts 24/7. A good MDR provider acts as an extension of your security team, helping you monitor your security tools around the clock. The best providers also apply proprietary threat intelligence and help you remediate the threats your security tools identify. Ultimately, remediating threats is the way any security tool delivers value. MDR, then, helps ensure you derive the most value out of the tools you already paid for. What are the key attributes to look for in a Managed Detection and Response provider? What questions should I ask prospective providers? A number of attributes should be considered table stakes in an MDR provider. They include a good level of experience, including the number of years in the business and retention rates of security staff. Having the resources – in terms of both staff and security operations centers (SOCs) – to provide 24/7/365 coverage is likewise a must. An MDR company must have a global presence, even if you’re not a global company, because it gives the MDR provider visibility into emerging threats no matter where they originate. A provider with an active threat hunting team is likewise a plus for much the same reason: to provide proactive hunts for adversaries that evade detection by modern tools. (Ideally, those threat hunters should be able to identify both indicators of compromise and indicators of behavior .) To help identify which providers have that kind of experience, consider asking the following questions: For how long has the vendor provided MDR security services? How does the vendor attract, retain, and train its people? What certifications have its security professionals earned? Is the provider able to respond to threats quickly and consistently or are there variances in the skillsets from one SOC – or analyst – to the next? Does it have processes in place that deepen its expertise beyond individual talent? What is the provider’s geographic and industry footprint? Does it have insights into the global threat landscape or is it more regionally or vertically focused? What threat intelligence sources are used in its MDR security service(s)? Does it have its own security research lab? Does the vendor take response actions? Is it included in the service offer or an extra expense? How does the vendor ensure it will not take any actions against your security policies? How well is the vendor recognized within the industry? Do its supported technologies/platforms align with your environment? How are you able to interact with the service? (Email? Ticketing? Phone? Mobile app?) What types of industry certifications and standards does the vendor use to assist with your compliance audit and maturity goals? Does the vendor offer adjacent managed services like threat hunting , digital forensics and incident response (DFIR) , as well as consulting capabilities? How long will it take me to get started with a Managed Detection and Response provider? This could vary dramatically by provider. The best ones have well-defined on-boarding processes and procedures, helping clients quickly derive value from the service. Each LevelBlue client, for example, has a dedicated Cyber Success Team that onboards clients in 10 days or less , then continually fine-tunes the environment for optimal performance and results. We think our onboarding process is such a differentiator that we produced an e-book to explain it in full. To learn more, download the Gartner® Market Guide for Managed Detection and Response Services . You can also check out the Frost Radar: Global Managed Detection and Response report for which Frost investigated more than 150 providers and named LevelBlue a top leader in innovation. IDC also recognized LevelBlue as a leader in its IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Emerging Managed Detection and Response . Resources ANALYST REPORT Leader, 2024 IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Emerging MDR CASE STUDY How Augmedix Uses LevelBlue MDR to Protect Healthcare Information ANALYST REPORT Leader, 2024 IDC MarketScape APAC Managed Security Services Related Offerings Advanced Threat Hunting Incident Readiness & Response Co-Managed SOC (SIEM) Get Started Learn more about how our specialists can tailor a security program to fit the needs of your organization. Stay Informed Sign up to receive the latest security news and trends straight to your inbox from LevelBlue. Leadership Our History Press Releases Media Coverage Careers Contact View All Services Free Trials Training & Certification Support Success Center Documentation Center Legal Terms of Usage Privacy Policy Your Privacy Choices © Copyright 2026