Google Threat Intelligence - know who's targeting you | Google Cloud Page Contents see where google was ranked in the forrester wave™: external threat intelligence service providers, q3 2023. "track-metadata-eventdetail="cloud.google.com/security/resources/security-forrester-wave-external-threat-intelligence"> See where Google was ranked in the Forrester Wave™: External Threat Intelligence Service Providers, Q3 2023. Google Threat Intelligence Actionable threat intelligence at Google scale Get comprehensive visibility and context on the threats that matter most to your organization. Find out who's targeting you Mandiant Threat Intelligence services Product highlights Know who's targeting you with unmatched visibility Know and track the biggest threats to your org everyday Make Google part of your security team with deep expertise Why Google Threat Intelligence? Features Know who’s targeting you with unmatched visibility Google Threat Intelligence provides unmatched visibility into threats enabling us to deliver detailed and timely threat intelligence to security teams around the world. By defending billions of users, seeing millions of phishing attacks, and spending hundreds of thousands of hours investigating incidents we have the visibility to see across the threat landscape to keep the most important organizations protected, yours. Turn insights into action Focus on the most relevant threats to your organization by understanding the threat actors and their ever changing tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs). Leverage these insights to proactively set your defenses, hunt efficiently, and respond to new and novel threats in minutes. Make Google part of your security team Grow your team’s capabilities with Mandiant’s industry leading threat analysts. Our threat intel experts are on your side and here to help. Whether you're looking for cyber threat intel (CTI) training for your team, needing a deeper understanding of threats you should prioritize and action, or needing a CTI expert to sit with your team, we have the expertise to help you maximize threat intel. Get help directly within the console from a Mandiant expert to address threats faster and move to your next task. Supercharge your team with Gemini Optimize your work flows with the help of AI. Gemini in Threat Intelligence analyzes vast datasets and acts as a force multiplier, immediately surfacing threats most relevant to your unique risk profile, reducing the noise of generic alerts. It continuously learns from your actions, tailoring its output to become increasingly relevant to your specific needs over time. Simplify workflows and collaboration with a workbench Take command of your threat analysis. Our threat intelligence workbench puts everything you need in one place: a vast malware database, powerful tools, insightful context, and effortless collaboration. Customize workflows with graphs, hunting results, rule sharing, and collections to maximize efficiency. Trust a unified verdict When it comes to security and the threats you are facing, you need to have confidence in the threat intelligence you use. Google Threat Intelligence pulls together inputs from Google’s vast threat insights, Mandiant’s frontline and human curated threat intelligence, and VirusTotal’s massive threat database to deliver a unified verdict. This provides you with a single answer on whether an indicator or suspicious object is something you should prioritize as a threat to your organization. View all features How It Works Get ahead of the latest threats and respond in minutes, not weeks with Google Threat Intelligence . Leverage our broad visibility to blanket your event data with threat intel associations to reduce gaps. Fill in your blind spots maximizing containment and minimizing the potential impact of a breach. Get a demo Common Uses Automate IOC enrichment and alert prioritization Learning resources Enrich and prioritize SIEM alerts Google Threat Intelligence helps efficiently manage the overwhelming volume of alerts. By providing a unified score that aggregates hundreds of technical details, Google Threat Intelligence simplifies alert prioritization. It offers curated threat intel details from Mandiant experts, community intel, and associated IOC info, allowing you to connect alerts and identify priority threats more effectively. Learn more about IOC enrichment and prioritization Learning resources Enrich and prioritize SIEM alerts Google Threat Intelligence helps efficiently manage the overwhelming volume of alerts. By providing a unified score that aggregates hundreds of technical details, Google Threat Intelligence simplifies alert prioritization. It offers curated threat intel details from Mandiant experts, community intel, and associated IOC info, allowing you to connect alerts and identify priority threats more effectively. Learn more about IOC enrichment and prioritization Respond to incidents with confidence Learning resources Empower Incident response (IR) and Forensic capabilities Google Threat Intelligence empowers IR and forensic investigators with comprehensive and actionable insights for efficient threat analysis. With outstanding technical pivoting capabilities, curated and crowdsourced threat intelligence, and interactive graph visualizations, teams can quickly assess incident severity and identify additional indicators of compromise, context, and attribution. Learn how you can respond faster Learning resources Empower Incident response (IR) and Forensic capabilities Google Threat Intelligence empowers IR and forensic investigators with comprehensive and actionable insights for efficient threat analysis. With outstanding technical pivoting capabilities, curated and crowdsourced threat intelligence, and interactive graph visualizations, teams can quickly assess incident severity and identify additional indicators of compromise, context, and attribution. Learn how you can respond faster Threat intelligence and advanced hunting Learning resources Efficiently hunt for threats Google Threat Intelligence elevates the value of threat hunting by providing tailored risk profiles, including actors, campaigns, and malware families, to enable proactive threat tracking and mitigation. Detailed malicious activity reports and TTP analysis help refine detection and prevention strategies, while crowdsourced detection rules and YARA hunting capabilities uncover threats and malicious activity. Learn advanced hunting methods Learning resources Efficiently hunt for threats Google Threat Intelligence elevates the value of threat hunting by providing tailored risk profiles, including actors, campaigns, and malware families, to enable proactive threat tracking and mitigation. Detailed malicious activity reports and TTP analysis help refine detection and prevention strategies, while crowdsourced detection rules and YARA hunting capabilities uncover threats and malicious activity. Learn advanced hunting methods Uncover external threats Learning resources Stay ahead of the threats Proactively detect potential external threats by monitoring exposed data, your attack surface, and brand impersonation. Receive early warnings of potential breaches by identifying compromised credentials, websites, and phishing attacks abusing your brands. Monitor malware or malicious abuse of your infrastructure, assets, or image. Get notifications if your assets are found in a malware configuration. Learn how to uncover external threats Learning resources Stay ahead of the threats Proactively detect potential external threats by monitoring exposed data, your attack surface, and brand impersonation. Receive early warnings of potential breaches by identifying compromised credentials, websites, and phishing attacks abusing your brands. Monitor malware or malicious abuse of your infrastructure, assets, or image. Get notifications if your assets are found in a malware configuration. Learn how to uncover external threats Optimized vulnerability management Learning resources Put our resources where they are most needed Change your approach to vulnerability management by combining asset exposure detection, vulnerability intelligence, and early threat detection. Proactively identify and prioritize vulnerabilities based on real-world exploitation data, including associated campaigns, and threat actors. This approach enables efficient allocation of resources, to prioritize the most critical vulnerabilities. Learn intelligence-led prioritization Learning resources Put our resources where they are most needed Change your approach to vulnerability management by combining asset exposure detection, vulnerability intelligence, and early threat detection. Proactively identify and prioritize vulnerabilities based on real-world exploitation data, including associated campaigns, and threat actors. This approach enables efficient allocation of resources, to prioritize the most critical vulnerabilities. Learn intelligence-led prioritization AI-driven threat intelligence Learning resources Know and track the biggest threats to your org everyday Quickly get a grasp of your threat landscape and what has changed. In a single dashboard, see an up-to-date view of who’s targeting you, active campaigns, malware, and relevant vulnerabilities. Receive daily or weekly notifications on changes to your threat landscape to prepare the organization and stay ahead of the threats. Learning resources Know and track the biggest threats to your org everyday Quickly get a grasp of your threat landscape and what has changed. In a single dashboard, see an up-to-date view of who’s targeting you, active campaigns, malware, and relevant vulnerabilities. Receive daily or weekly notifications on changes to your threat landscape to prepare the organization and stay ahead of the threats. Understand threat intel faster with AI generated summaries Learning resources Leverage the power of Gemini in Threat Intelligence Save time and reduce complexity when researching threats or geopolitical topics. Leverage Gemini in Threat Intelligence, an always-on AI collaborator that provides generative AI-powered assistance to help you distill Mandiant’s industry-leading corpus of threat intel information into easy to comprehend, natural language summaries, allowing you to quickly understand how adversaries may be targeting your organization and impacting the threat landscape. Learning resources Leverage the power of Gemini in Threat Intelligence Save time and reduce complexity when researching threats or geopolitical topics. Leverage Gemini in Threat Intelligence, an always-on AI collaborator that provides generative AI-powered assistance to help you distill Mandiant’s industry-leading corpus of threat intel information into easy to comprehend, natural language summaries, allowing you to quickly understand how adversaries may be targeting your organization and impacting the threat landscape. Get visibility into the threat actor’s playbook Learning resources Know how the attack will happen before it starts Set a proactive security strategy by mapping the TTPs used against organizations just like yours. By mapping the TTPs with the MITRE ATT&CK framework you will be able to prioritize tasks, make adjustments to security settings, and make security investments with more confidence. Learning resources Know how the attack will happen before it starts Set a proactive security strategy by mapping the TTPs used against organizations just like yours. By mapping the TTPs with the MITRE ATT&CK framework you will be able to prioritize tasks, make adjustments to security settings, and make security investments with more confidence. Anticipate, identify and respond to threats with confidence Learning resources Visibility into active threat campaigns Threat intelligence can be helpful to proactively set your security strategy. When you need to know if there are any active threat campaigns targeting your region, industry, or vulnerabilities, Google Threat Intelligence can provide actionable insight into these campaigns. With this knowledge you can adjust your strategy quickly, driving better prioritization and mitigation of current and future threats. Learn more about threat campaigns Learning resources Visibility into active threat campaigns Threat intelligence can be helpful to proactively set your security strategy. When you need to know if there are any active threat campaigns targeting your region, industry, or vulnerabilities, Google Threat Intelligence can provide actionable insight into these campaigns. With this knowledge you can adjust your strategy quickly, driving better prioritization and mitigation of current and future threats. Learn more about threat campaigns OEM Google Threat Intelligence Learning resources Make Google Threat Intelligence a part of your offering Now you can use Google Threat Intelligence not only to protect yourself but also to protect your customers. Our OEM model allows you to embed threat intelligence directly into your offering - extending the value of Google Threat Intelligence to your customers. With this, not only can you monitor your customer's risk patterns but also share with them, through widget, risk score and enriched context on their IoCs. If you are a Security Vendor, Telco, MSSP or any company with a product where security is a key consideration, Google Threat Intelligence OEM may be the right fit for you. Learn more about Google Threat Intelligence OEM Learning resources Make Google Threat Intelligence a part of your offering Now you can use Google Threat Intelligence not only to protect yourself but also to protect your customers. Our OEM model allows you to embed threat intelligence directly into your offering - extending the value of Google Threat Intelligence to your customers. With this, not only can you monitor your customer's risk patterns but also share with them, through widget, risk score and enriched context on their IoCs. If you are a Security Vendor, Telco, MSSP or any company with a product where security is a key consideration, Google Threat Intelligence OEM may be the right fit for you. Learn more about Google Threat Intelligence OEM Pricing How Google Threat Intelligence pricing works Subscriptions are priced on a flat annual rate with a set number of API calls per subscription level. More API call packs can be added separately. Product/subscription Description Pricing Google Threat Intelligence - Standard For organisations looking for threat intelligence driven event triage and detections to improve their security posture. Contact sales for pricing Google Threat Intelligence - Enterprise For organizations who want to use threat intelligence to be more proactive, know more about threat actors targeting them and conduct efficient hunting exercises. Contact sales for pricing Google Threat Intelligence - Enterprise+ For organizations with a strong cyber threat intelligence teams who see threat intelligence as a critical tool to understand and stay ahead of their adversaries. Contact sales for pricing Google Threat Intelligence - OEM For Technology vendors looking to help their customers stay ahead of adversaries with Google Threat Intelligence. Contact sales for pricing How Google Threat Intelligence pricing works Subscriptions are priced on a flat annual rate with a set number of API calls per subscription level. More API call packs can be added separately. Google Threat Intelligence - Standard Description For organisations looking for threat intelligence driven event triage and detections to improve their security posture. Pricing Contact sales for pricing Google Threat Intelligence - Enterprise Description For organizations who want to use threat intelligence to be more proactive, know more about threat actors targeting them and conduct efficient hunting exercises. Pricing Contact sales for pricing Google Threat Intelligence - Enterprise+ Description For organizations with a strong cyber threat intelligence teams who see threat intelligence as a critical tool to understand and stay ahead of their adversaries. Pricing Contact sales for pricing Google Threat Intelligence - OEM Description For Technology vendors looking to help their customers stay ahead of adversaries with Google Threat Intelligence. Pricing Contact sales for pricing Get a demo See what you can learn from Google Threat Intelligence. Contact us Contact us Contact us today for more information on Google Threat Intelligence. Contact us Learn more about threat intel Join the Google Threat Intel community Join now Get a tour of Google Threat Intelligence Watch the video Google Threat Intelligence overview Read now Forrester Global State of Threat Intelligence Threat Intelligence Benchmark study Threat intelligence newsletter Sign up now FAQ Expand all What is cyber threat intelligence (CTI)? CTI is a refined insight into cyber threats. Intelligence teams use credible insights from multiple sources to create actionable context on the threat landscape, threat actors and their tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs). The effective use of CTI allows organizations to make the shift from being reactive to becoming more proactive against threat actors. How can CTI be used to make security more proactive? Credible threat intelligence can be used to understand the malware and TTPs threat actors use and the vulnerabilities they exploit to target specific industries and regions. Organizations use this intelligence to implement, configure, and adjust security tools, and train staff to thwart attacks. What is a threat actor? A threat actor is a person or group of people who conduct malicious targeting or attacks on others. Typically motivated by espionage, financial gain, or publicity, threat actors may conduct a full campaign alone or work with other groups who specialize in specific aspects of an attack. How can you identify active threats? Assuming we all agree that a “threat” is defined as a plan or inclination to attack as opposed to an “attack” which is an existing or previously successful breach. Identifying active threats can be done using threat intelligence which will help provide context into the threat actors and malware impacting your specific region or industry. Another method to identify active threats is by scanning the open, deep, and dark web for chatter around your organization, personnel, technology, or partners. By identifying these threats, security professionals can proactively adjust their defenses to block or reduce the impact of a potential attack. What are the three types of CTI? Strategic – High level trends used to drive business decisions and security investments. Operational – Contextual information on impending threats to the organization, used by security professionals to understand more about threat actors and their TTPs. Tactical – Understanding of the threat actor TTPs, used by security professionals to stop incidents and make defensive adjustments. menu Overview Solutions Products Pricing Resources Docs Support Contact us  search send Docs Support Console Sign in Incident Response Assistance Security Threat Intel SecOps Cloud security Consulting Security resources Incident Response Assistance Contact us close Accelerate your digital transformation Whether your business is early in its journey or well on its way to digital transformation, Google Cloud can help solve your toughest challenges. Learn more Key benefits Why Google Cloud Top reasons businesses choose us. AI and ML Get enterprise-ready AI. Multicloud Run your apps wherever you need them. Global infrastructure Build on the same infrastructure as Google. Data Cloud Make smarter decisions with unified data. Modern Infrastructure Cloud Next generation of cloud infrastructure. Security Protect your users, data, and apps. Productivity and collaboration Connect your teams with AI-powered apps. Reports and insights Executive insights Curated C-suite perspectives. Analyst reports Read what industry analysts say about us. Whitepapers Browse and download popular whitepapers. Customer stories Explore case studies and videos. close Industry Solutions Application Modernization Artificial Intelligence APIs and Applications Data Analytics Databases Infrastructure Modernization Productivity and Collaboration Security Startups and SMB See all solutions Industry Solutions Reduce cost, increase operational agility, and capture new market opportunities. Retail Analytics and collaboration tools for the retail value chain. Consumer Packaged Goods Solutions for CPG digital transformation and brand growth. Financial Services Computing, data management, and analytics tools for financial services. Healthcare and Life Sciences Advance research at scale and empower healthcare innovation. Media and Entertainment Solutions for content production and distribution operations. Telecommunications Hybrid and multi-cloud services to deploy and monetize 5G. Games AI-driven solutions to build and scale games faster. Manufacturing Migration and AI tools to optimize the manufacturing value chain. Supply Chain and Logistics Enable sustainable, efficient, and resilient data-driven operations across supply chain and logistics operations. Government Data storage, AI, and analytics solutions for government agencies. Education Teaching tools to provide more engaging learning experiences. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all industry solutions Application Modernization Assess, plan, implement, and measure software practices and capabilities to modernize and simplify your organization’s business application portfolios. CAMP Program that uses DORA to improve your software delivery capabilities. Modernize Traditional Applications Analyze, categorize, and get started with cloud migration on traditional workloads. Migrate from PaaS: Cloud Foundry, Openshift Tools for moving your existing containers into Google's managed container services. Migrate from Mainframe Automated tools and prescriptive guidance for moving your mainframe apps to the cloud. Modernize Software Delivery Software supply chain best practices - innerloop productivity, CI/CD and S3C. DevOps Best Practices Processes and resources for implementing DevOps in your org. SRE Principles Tools and resources for adopting SRE in your org. Platform Engineering Comprehensive suite of managed services and Golden Paths to build, manage, and scale IDPs. Run Applications at the Edge Guidance for localized and low latency apps on Google’s hardware agnostic edge solution. Architect for Multicloud Manage workloads across multiple clouds with a consistent platform. Go Serverless Fully managed environment for developing, deploying and scaling apps. Artificial Intelligence Add intelligence and efficiency to your business with AI and machine learning. Customer Engagement Suite with Google AI End-to-end application that combines our most advanced conversational AI. Document AI Document processing and data capture automated at scale. Vertex AI Search for commerce Google-quality search and product recommendations for retailers. Google Cloud with Gemini AI assistants for application development, coding, and more. Generative AI on Google Cloud Transform content creation and discovery, research, customer service, and developer efficiency with the power of generative AI. APIs and Applications Speed up the pace of innovation without coding, using APIs, apps, and automation. New Business Channels Using APIs Attract and empower an ecosystem of developers and partners. Unlocking Legacy Applications Using APIs Cloud services for extending and modernizing legacy apps. Open Banking APIx Simplify and accelerate secure delivery of open banking compliant APIs. Data Analytics Generate instant insights from data at any scale with a serverless, fully managed analytics platform that significantly simplifies analytics. Data Migration Migrate and modernize your data warehouse and data lakes with AI-powered migration services. Data Lakehouse Unify and govern your multimodal data with a high-performance and open data lakehouse. Real-time Analytics Insights from ingesting, processing, and analyzing event streams. Marketing Analytics Solutions for collecting, analyzing, and activating customer data. Datasets Data from Google, public, and commercial providers to enrich your analytics and AI initiatives. Business Intelligence Solutions for modernizing your BI stack and creating rich data experiences. AI for Data Analytics Write SQL, build predictive models, and visualize data with AI for data analytics. Geospatial Analytics A comprehensive platform to solve for geospatial use cases at scale. Databases Migrate and manage enterprise data with security, reliability, high availability, and fully managed data services. Database Migration Guides and tools to simplify your database migration life cycle. Database Modernization Upgrades to modernize your operational database infrastructure. Databases for Games Build global, live games with Google Cloud databases. Google Cloud Databases Database services to migrate, manage, and modernize data. Migrate Oracle workloads to Google Cloud Rehost, replatform, rewrite your Oracle workloads. Open Source Databases Fully managed open source databases with enterprise-grade support. SQL Server on Google Cloud Options for running SQL Server virtual machines on Google Cloud. Gemini for Databases Supercharge database development and management with AI. Infrastructure Modernization Migrate quickly with solutions for SAP, VMware, Windows, Oracle, and other workloads. Application Migration Discovery and analysis tools for moving to the cloud. SAP on Google Cloud Certifications for running SAP applications and SAP HANA. High Performance Computing Compute, storage, and networking options to support any workload. Windows on Google Cloud Tools and partners for running Windows workloads. Data Center Migration Migration solutions for VMs, apps, databases, and more. Active Assist Automatic cloud resource optimization and increased security. Virtual Desktops Remote work solutions for desktops and applications (VDI & DaaS). Rapid Migration and Modernization Program End-to-end migration program to simplify your path to the cloud. Backup and Disaster Recovery Ensure your business continuity needs are met. Red Hat on Google Cloud Google and Red Hat provide an enterprise-grade platform for traditional on-prem and custom applications. Cross-Cloud Network Simplify hybrid and multicloud networking, and secure your workloads, data, and users. Observability Monitor, troubleshoot, and improve app performance with end-to-end visibility. Productivity and Collaboration Change the way teams work with solutions designed for humans and built for impact. Google Workspace Collaboration and productivity tools for enterprises. Google Workspace Essentials Secure video meetings and modern collaboration for teams. Cloud Identity Unified platform for IT admins to manage user devices and apps. Chrome Enterprise ChromeOS, Chrome Browser, and Chrome devices built for business. Security Detect, investigate, and respond to online threats to help protect your business. Agentic SOC Delivering better security outcomes with AI agents. Web App and API Protection Threat and fraud protection for your web applications and APIs. Security and Resilience Framework Solutions for each phase of the security and resilience life cycle. Risk and compliance as code (RCaC) Solution to modernize your governance, risk, and compliance function with automation. Software Supply Chain Security Solution for improving end-to-end software supply chain security. Security Foundation Recommended products to help achieve a strong security posture. Google Cloud Cybershield™ Strengthen nationwide cyber defense. Startups and SMB Accelerate startup and SMB growth with tailored solutions and programs. Startup Program Get financial, business, and technical support to take your startup to the next level. Small and Medium Business Explore solutions for web hosting, app development, AI, and analytics. Software as a Service Build better SaaS products, scale efficiently, and grow your business. close Featured Products AI and Machine Learning Business Intelligence Compute Containers Data Analytics Databases Developer Tools Distributed Cloud Hybrid and Multicloud Industry Specific Integration Services Management Tools Maps and Geospatial Media Services Migration Mixed Reality Networking Operations Productivity and Collaboration Security and Identity Serverless Storage Web3 See all products (100+) Featured Products Compute Engine Virtual machines running in Google’s data center. Cloud Storage Object storage that’s secure, durable, and scalable. BigQuery Autonomous data to AI platform for analytics and data science. Cloud Run Fully managed environment for running containerized apps. Google Kubernetes Engine Managed environment for running containerized apps. Vertex AI Unified platform for ML models and generative AI. Looker Platform for BI, data applications, and embedded analytics. Apigee API Management Manage the full life cycle of APIs anywhere with visibility and control. Cloud SQL Relational database services for MySQL, PostgreSQL and SQL Server. Gemini Enterprise Secure platform to discover, create, run, and govern AI agents. Cloud CDN Content delivery network for delivering web and video. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all products (100+) AI and Machine Learning Vertex AI Platform Unified platform for ML models and generative AI. Vertex AI Studio Build, tune, and deploy foundation models on Vertex AI. Vertex AI Agent Builder Build and deploy gen AI experiences. Conversational Agents Build conversational AI with both deterministic and gen AI functionality. Vertex AI Search Build Google-quality search for your enterprise apps and experiences. Speech-to-Text Speech recognition and transcription across 125 languages. Text-to-Speech Speech synthesis in 220+ voices and 40+ languages. Translation AI Language detection, translation, and glossary support. Gemini Enterprise Secure platform to discover, create, run, and govern AI agents. Vision AI Custom and pre-trained models to detect emotion, text, and more. Contact Center as a Service Omnichannel contact center solution that is native to the cloud. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all AI and machine learning products Business Intelligence Looker Platform for BI, data applications, and embedded analytics. Looker Studio Interactive data suite for dashboarding, reporting, and analytics. Compute Compute Engine Virtual machines running in Google’s data center. App Engine Serverless application platform for apps and back ends. Cloud GPUs GPUs for ML, scientific computing, and 3D visualization. Migrate to Virtual Machines Server and virtual machine migration to Compute Engine. Spot VMs Compute instances for batch jobs and fault-tolerant workloads. Batch Fully managed service for scheduling batch jobs. Sole-Tenant Nodes Dedicated hardware for compliance, licensing, and management. Bare Metal Infrastructure to run specialized workloads on Google Cloud. Recommender Usage recommendations for Google Cloud products and services. VMware Engine Fully managed, native VMware Cloud Foundation software stack. Cloud Run Fully managed environment for running containerized apps. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all compute products Containers Google Kubernetes Engine Managed environment for running containerized apps. Cloud Run Fully managed environment for running containerized apps. Cloud Build Solution for running build steps in a Docker container. Artifact Registry Package manager for build artifacts and dependencies. Cloud Code IDE support to write, run, and debug Kubernetes applications. Cloud Deploy Fully managed continuous delivery to GKE and Cloud Run. Migrate to Containers Components for migrating VMs into system containers on GKE. Deep Learning Containers Containers with data science frameworks, libraries, and tools. Knative Components to create Kubernetes-native cloud-based software. Data Analytics BigQuery Autonomous data to AI platform for analytics and data science. Looker Platform for BI, data applications, and embedded analytics. Dataflow Real-time analytics for stream and batch processing. Pub/Sub Messaging service for event ingestion and delivery. Dataproc Managed service for running Apache Spark and Apache Hadoop clusters. Google Cloud Serverless for Apache Spark Quick VM startup and dynamic autoscaling for Spark workloads. Cloud Composer Workflow orchestration service built on Apache Airflow. BigLake Storage engine for building data lakehouses with Apache Iceberg. Dataplex Universal Catalog A unified data-to-AI governance fabric for all Google Cloud services. BigQuery Migration Services Free-to-use, cloud-native and AI-powered data migration services. Managed Service for Apache Kafka Managed Kafka service to operate highly available Apache Kafka clusters. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all data analytics products Databases AlloyDB for PostgreSQL Fully managed, PostgreSQL-compatible database for enterprise workloads. Cloud SQL Fully managed database for MySQL, PostgreSQL, and SQL Server. Firestore Highly scalable and serverless NoSQL document database, with MongoDB compatibility. Spanner Cloud-native relational database with unlimited scale and 99.999% availability. Bigtable Cloud-native wide-column database for large-scale, low-latency workloads. Datastream Serverless change data capture and replication service. Database Migration Service Serverless, minimal downtime migrations to Cloud SQL. Bare Metal Solution Fully managed infrastructure for your Oracle workloads. Memorystore Fully managed Redis and Memcached for sub-millisecond data access. Developer Tools Artifact Registry Universal package manager for build artifacts and dependencies. Cloud Code IDE support to write, run, and debug Kubernetes applications. Cloud Build Continuous integration and continuous delivery platform. Cloud Deploy Fully managed continuous delivery to GKE and Cloud Run. Cloud Deployment Manager Service for creating and managing Google Cloud resources. Cloud SDK Command-line tools and libraries for Google Cloud. Cloud Scheduler Cron job scheduler for task automation and management. Cloud Source Repositories Private Git repository to store, manage, and track code. Infrastructure Manager Automate infrastructure management with Terraform. Cloud Workstations Managed and secure development environments in the cloud. Gemini Code Assist AI-powered assistant available across Google Cloud and your IDE. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all developer tools Distributed Cloud Google Distributed Cloud Connected Distributed cloud services for edge workloads. Google Distributed Cloud Air-gapped Distributed cloud for air-gapped workloads. Hybrid and Multicloud Google Kubernetes Engine Managed environment for running containerized apps. Apigee API Management API management, development, and security platform. Migrate to Containers Tool to move workloads and existing applications to GKE. Cloud Build Service for executing builds on Google Cloud infrastructure. Observability Monitoring, logging, and application performance suite. Cloud Service Mesh Fully managed service mesh based on Envoy and Istio. Google Distributed Cloud Fully managed solutions for the edge and data centers. Industry Specific Anti Money Laundering AI Detect suspicious, potential money laundering activity with AI. Cloud Healthcare API Solution for bridging existing care systems and apps on Google Cloud. Device Connect for Fitbit Gain a 360-degree patient view with connected Fitbit data on Google Cloud. Telecom Network Automation Ready to use cloud-native automation for telecom networks. Telecom Data Fabric Telecom data management and analytics with an automated approach. Telecom Subscriber Insights Ingests data to improve subscriber acquisition and retention. Spectrum Access System (SAS) Controls fundamental access to the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS). Integration Services Application Integration Connect to 3rd party apps and enable data consistency without code. Workflows Workflow orchestration for serverless products and API services. Apigee API Management Manage the full life cycle of APIs anywhere with visibility and control. Cloud Tasks Task management service for asynchronous task execution. Cloud Scheduler Cron job scheduler for task automation and management. Dataproc Service for running Apache Spark and Apache Hadoop clusters. Cloud Data Fusion Data integration for building and managing data pipelines. Cloud Composer Workflow orchestration service built on Apache Airflow. Pub/Sub Messaging service for event ingestion and delivery. Eventarc Build an event-driven architecture that can connect any service. Management Tools Cloud Shell Interactive shell environment with a built-in command line. Cloud console Web-based interface for managing and monitoring cloud apps. Cloud Endpoints Deployment and development management for APIs on Google Cloud. Cloud IAM Permissions management system for Google Cloud resources. Cloud APIs Programmatic interfaces for Google Cloud services. Service Catalog Service catalog for admins managing internal enterprise solutions. Cost Management Tools for monitoring, controlling, and optimizing your costs. Observability Monitoring, logging, and application performance suite. Carbon Footprint Dashboard to view and export Google Cloud carbon emissions reports. Config Connector Kubernetes add-on for managing Google Cloud resources. Active Assist Tools for easily managing performance, security, and cost. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all management tools Maps and Geospatial Earth Engine Geospatial platform for Earth observation data and analysis. Google Maps Platform Create immersive location experiences and improve business operations. Media Services Cloud CDN Content delivery network for serving web and video content. Live Stream API Service to convert live video and package for streaming. OpenCue Open source render manager for visual effects and animation. Transcoder API Convert video files and package them for optimized delivery. Video Stitcher API Service for dynamic or server side ad insertion. Migration Migration Center Unified platform for migrating and modernizing with Google Cloud. Application Migration App migration to the cloud for low-cost refresh cycles. Migrate to Virtual Machines Components for migrating VMs and physical servers to Compute Engine. Cloud Foundation Toolkit Reference templates for Deployment Manager and Terraform. Database Migration Service Serverless, minimal downtime migrations to Cloud SQL. Migrate to Containers Components for migrating VMs into system containers on GKE. BigQuery Migration Services Streamlined data warehouse and data lake migration tooling and incentives. Rapid Migration and Modernization Program End-to-end migration program to simplify your path to the cloud. Transfer Appliance Storage server for moving large volumes of data to Google Cloud. Storage Transfer Service Data transfers from online and on-premises sources to Cloud Storage. VMware Engine Migrate and run your VMware workloads natively on Google Cloud. Mixed Reality Immersive Stream for XR Hosts, renders, and streams 3D and XR experiences. Networking Cloud Armor Security policies and defense against web and DDoS attacks. Cloud CDN and Media CDN Content delivery network for serving web and video content. Cloud DNS Domain name system for reliable and low-latency name lookups. Cloud Load Balancing Service for distributing traffic across applications and regions. Cloud NAT NAT service for giving private instances internet access. Cloud Connectivity Connectivity options for VPN, peering, and enterprise needs. Network Connectivity Center Connectivity management to help simplify and scale networks. Network Intelligence Center Network monitoring, verification, and optimization platform. Network Service Tiers Cloud network options based on performance, availability, and cost. Virtual Private Cloud Single VPC for an entire organization, isolated within projects. Private Service Connect Secure connection between your VPC and services. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all networking products Operations Cloud Logging Google Cloud audit, platform, and application logs management. Cloud Monitoring Infrastructure and application health with rich metrics. Error Reporting Application error identification and analysis. Managed Service for Prometheus Fully-managed Prometheus on Google Cloud. Cloud Trace Tracing system collecting latency data from applications. Cloud Profiler CPU and heap profiler for analyzing application performance. Cloud Quotas Manage quotas for all Google Cloud services. Productivity and Collaboration AppSheet No-code development platform to build and extend applications. Gemini Enterprise Secure platform to discover, create, run, and govern AI agents. Google Workspace Collaboration and productivity tools for individuals and organizations. Google Workspace Essentials Secure video meetings and modern collaboration for teams. Cloud Identity Unified platform for IT admins to manage user devices and apps. Chrome Enterprise ChromeOS, Chrome browser, and Chrome devices built for business. Security and Identity Cloud IAM Permissions management system for Google Cloud resources. Sensitive Data Protection Discover, classify, and protect your valuable data assets. Mandiant Managed Defense Find and eliminate threats with confidence 24x7. Google Threat Intelligence Know who’s targeting you. Security Command Center Platform for defending against threats to your Google Cloud assets. Cloud Key Management Manage encryption keys on Google Cloud. Mandiant Incident Response Minimize the impact of a breach. Chrome Enterprise Premium Get secure enterprise browsing with extensive endpoint visibility. Assured Workloads Compliance and security controls for sensitive workloads. Google Security Operations Detect, investigate, and respond to cyber threats. Mandiant Consulting Get expert guidance before, during, and after an incident. Not seeing what you're looking for? See all security and identity products Serverless Cloud Run Fully managed environment for running containerized apps. Cloud Functions Platform for creating functions that respond to cloud events. App Engine Serverless application platform for apps and back ends. Workflows Workflow orchestration for serverless products and API services. API Gateway Develop, deploy, secure, and manage APIs with a fully managed gateway. Storage Cloud Storage Object storage that’s secure, durable, and scalable. Block Storage High-performance storage for AI, analytics, databases, and enterprise applications. Filestore File storage that is highly scalable and secure. Persistent Disk Block storage for virtual machine instances running on Google Cloud. Cloud Storage for Firebase Object storage for storing and serving user-generated content. Local SSD Block storage that is locally attached for high-performance needs. Storage Transfer Service Data transfers from online and on-premises sources to Cloud Storage. Google Cloud Managed Lustre High performance managed parallel file service. Google Cloud NetApp Volumes File storage service for NFS, SMB, and multi-protocol environments. Backup and DR Service Service for centralized, application-consistent data protection. Web3 Blockchain Node Engine Fully managed node hosting for developing on the blockchain. Blockchain RPC Enterprise-grade RPC for building on the blockchain. close Save money with our transparent approach to pricing Google Cloud's pay-as-you-go pricing offers automatic savings based on monthly usage and discounted rates for prepaid resources. Contact us today to get a quote. Request a quote Pricing overview and tools Google Cloud pricing Pay only for what you use with no lock-in. Pricing calculator Calculate your cloud savings. Google Cloud free tier Explore products with free monthly usage. Cost optimization framework Get best practices to optimize workload costs. Cost management tools Tools to monitor and control your costs. Product-specific Pricing Compute Engine Cloud SQL Google Kubernetes Engine Cloud Storage BigQuery See full price list with 100+ products close Learn & build Google Cloud Free Program $300 in free credits and 20+ free products. Solution Generator Get AI generated solution recommendations. Quickstarts Get tutorials and walkthroughs. Blog Read our latest product news and stories. Learning Hub Grow your career with role-based training. Google Cloud certification Prepare and register for certifications. Cloud computing basics Learn more about cloud computing basics. Cloud Architecture Center Get reference architectures and best practices. Connect Innovators Join Google Cloud's developer program. Developer Center Stay in the know and stay connected. Events and webinars Browse upcoming and on demand events. Google Cloud Community Ask questions, find answers, and connect. Consulting and Partners Google Cloud Consulting Work with our experts on cloud projects. Google Cloud Marketplace Deploy ready-to-go solutions in a few clicks. Find a partner Explore the benefits of working with a partner. Google Cloud partners Learn about the ecosystem and resources. close Overview arrow_forward Solutions arrow_forward Products arrow_forward Pricing arrow_forward Resources arrow_forward Docs Support Console Security Threat Intel SecOps Cloud security Consulting Security resources Accelerate your digital transformation Learn more Key benefits Why Google Cloud AI and ML Multicloud Global infrastructure Data Cloud Modern Infrastructure Cloud Security Productivity and collaboration Reports and insights Executive insights Analyst reports Whitepapers Customer stories Industry Solutions Retail Consumer Packaged Goods Financial Services Healthcare and Life Sciences Media and Entertainment Telecommunications Games Manufacturing Supply Chain and Logistics Government Education See all industry solutions See all solutions Application Modernization CAMP Modernize Traditional Applications Migrate from PaaS: Cloud Foundry, Openshift Migrate from Mainframe Modernize Software Delivery DevOps Best Practices SRE Principles Platform Engineering Run Applications at the Edge Architect for Multicloud Go Serverless Artificial Intelligence Customer Engagement Suite with Google AI Document AI Vertex AI Search for commerce Google Cloud with Gemini Generative AI on Google Cloud APIs and Applications New Business Channels Using APIs Unlocking Legacy Applications Using APIs Open Banking APIx Data Analytics Data Migration Data Lakehouse Real-time Analytics Marketing Analytics Datasets Business Intelligence AI for Data Analytics Geospatial Analytics Databases Database Migration Database Modernization Databases for Games Google Cloud Databases Migrate Oracle workloads to Google Cloud Open Source Databases SQL Server on Google Cloud Gemini for Databases Infrastructure Modernization Application Migration SAP on Google Cloud High Performance Computing Windows on Google Cloud Data Center Migration Active Assist Virtual Desktops Rapid Migration and Modernization Program Backup and Disaster Recovery Red Hat on Google Cloud Cross-Cloud Network Observability Productivity and Collaboration Google Workspace Google Workspace Essentials Cloud Identity Chrome Enterprise Security Agentic SOC Web App and API Protection Security and Resilience Framework Risk and compliance as code (RCaC) Software Supply Chain Security Security Foundation Google Cloud Cybershield™ Startups and SMB Startup Program Small and Medium Business Software as a Service Featured Products Compute Engine Cloud Storage BigQuery Cloud Run Google Kubernetes Engine Vertex AI Looker Apigee API Management Cloud SQL Gemini Enterprise Cloud CDN See all products (100+) AI and Machine Learning Vertex AI Platform Vertex AI Studio Vertex AI Agent Builder Conversational Agents Vertex AI Search Speech-to-Text Text-to-Speech Translation AI Gemini Enterprise Vision AI Contact Center as a Service See all AI and machine learning products Business Intelligence Looker Looker Studio Compute Compute Engine App Engine Cloud GPUs Migrate to Virtual Machines Spot VMs Batch Sole-Tenant Nodes Bare Metal Recommender VMware Engine Cloud Run See all compute products Containers Google Kubernetes Engine Cloud Run Cloud Build Artifact Registry Cloud Code Cloud Deploy Migrate to Containers Deep Learning Containers Knative Data Analytics BigQuery Looker Dataflow Pub/Sub Dataproc Google Cloud Serverless for Apache Spark Cloud Composer BigLake Dataplex Universal Catalog BigQuery Migration Services Managed Service for Apache Kafka See all data analytics products Databases AlloyDB for PostgreSQL Cloud SQL Firestore Spanner Bigtable Datastream Database Migration Service Bare Metal Solution Memorystore Developer Tools Artifact Registry Cloud Code Cloud Build Cloud Deploy Cloud Deployment Manager Cloud SDK Cloud Scheduler Cloud Source Repositories Infrastructure Manager Cloud Workstations Gemini Code Assist See all developer tools Distributed Cloud Google Distributed Cloud Connected Google Distributed Cloud Air-gapped Hybrid and Multicloud Google Kubernetes Engine Apigee API Management Migrate to Containers Cloud Build Observability Cloud Service Mesh Google Distributed Cloud Industry Specific Anti Money Laundering AI Cloud Healthcare API Device Connect for Fitbit Telecom Network Automation Telecom Data Fabric Telecom Subscriber Insights Spectrum Access System (SAS) Integration Services Application Integration Workflows Apigee API Management Cloud Tasks Cloud Scheduler Dataproc Cloud Data Fusion Cloud Composer Pub/Sub Eventarc Management Tools Cloud Shell Cloud console Cloud Endpoints Cloud IAM Cloud APIs Service Catalog Cost Management Observability Carbon Footprint Config Connector Active Assist See all management tools Maps and Geospatial Earth Engine Google Maps Platform Media Services Cloud CDN Live Stream API OpenCue Transcoder API Video Stitcher API Migration Migration Center Application Migration Migrate to Virtual Machines Cloud Foundation Toolkit Database Migration Service Migrate to Containers BigQuery Migration Services Rapid Migration and Modernization Program Transfer Appliance Storage Transfer Service VMware Engine Mixed Reality Immersive Stream for XR Networking Cloud Armor Cloud CDN and Media CDN Cloud DNS Cloud Load Balancing Cloud NAT Cloud Connectivity Network Connectivity Center Network Intelligence Center Network Service Tiers Virtual Private Cloud Private Service Connect See all networking products Operations Cloud Logging Cloud Monitoring Error Reporting Managed Service for Prometheus Cloud Trace Cloud Profiler Cloud Quotas Productivity and Collaboration AppSheet Gemini Enterprise Google Workspace Google Workspace Essentials Cloud Identity Chrome Enterprise Security and Identity Cloud IAM Sensitive Data Protection Mandiant Managed Defense Google Threat Intelligence Security Command Center Cloud Key Management Mandiant Incident Response Chrome Enterprise Premium Assured Workloads Google Security Operations Mandiant Consulting See all security and identity products Serverless Cloud Run Cloud Functions App Engine Workflows API Gateway Storage Cloud Storage Block Storage Filestore Persistent Disk Cloud Storage for Firebase Local SSD Storage Transfer Service Google Cloud Managed Lustre Google Cloud NetApp Volumes Backup and DR Service Web3 Blockchain Node Engine Blockchain RPC Save money with our transparent approach to pricing Request a quote Pricing overview and tools Google Cloud pricing Pricing calculator Google Cloud free tier Cost optimization framework Cost management tools Product-specific Pricing Compute Engine Cloud SQL Google Kubernetes Engine Cloud Storage BigQuery See full price list with 100+ products Learn & build Google Cloud Free Program Solution Generator Quickstarts Blog Learning Hub Google Cloud certification Cloud computing basics Cloud Architecture Center Connect Innovators Developer Center Events and webinars Google Cloud Community Consulting and Partners Google Cloud Consulting Google Cloud Marketplace Find a partner Google Cloud partners Why Google Choosing Google Cloud Trust and security Modern Infrastructure Cloud Multicloud Global infrastructure Locations Customers and case studies Analyst reports Whitepapers Blog Products and pricing Google Cloud pricing Google Workspace pricing See all products Solutions Infrastructure modernization Databases Application modernization Smart analytics Artificial Intelligence Security Productivity & work transformation Industry solutions DevOps solutions Small business solutions See all solutions Resources Google Cloud Affiliate Program Google Cloud documentation Google Cloud quickstarts Google Cloud Marketplace Learn about cloud computing Support Code samples Cloud Architecture Center Training Certifications Google for Developers Google Cloud for Startups System status Release Notes Engage Contact sales Find a Partner Become a Partner Events Podcasts Developer Center Press Corner Google Cloud on YouTube Google Cloud Tech on YouTube Follow on X Join User Research We're hiring. Join Google Cloud! Community forums About Google Privacy Site terms Google Cloud terms Cookies management controls Our third decade of climate action: join us Sign up for the Google Cloud newsletter Subscribe language ‪English‬ ‪English‬ ‪Deutsch‬ ‪Español‬ ‪Español (Latinoamérica)‬ ‪Français‬ ‪Indonesia‬ ‪Italiano‬ ‪Português (Brasil)‬ ‪简体中文‬ ‪繁體中文‬ ‪日本語‬ ‪한국어‬