Vehicle Tracking & Recovery | Netstar Support centre and sales 0860 12 24 36 Emergency 0800 11 22 22 × Home Personal × Personal Protect your family and vehicles with our affordable vehicle and recovery services. Read more Vehicle Tracking & Recovery SA's most advanced vehicle tracking & recovery technology. Value Added Services Licence renewals, a designated driver after a night out, and more. Asset Tracking & Recovery Keep your trailers, packages and other valuable assets safe. Business × Business Ensure the safety of your vehicles & drivers, secure your cargo & trailers, or reduce cost with our fleet solutions. Read more Small Fleet Tracking & Management Real-time tracking, driver safety monitoring, and asset security for smaller fleets. STARtag Protect your Assets. Recover faster. Manage with confidence. Mining Fleet Solution Improve safety, increase productivity and ensure compliance. Fleet Intelligence Service Manage costs, engage preventative maintenance using our advanced analytics. Trailer Manager Protect valuable trailers and loads that can detach from your fleet vehicles. Data-As-A-Service Big Data for vehicle manufacturers, rental businesses, insurers, and fleet owners. AI Camera Solution Proactive fleet cameras to monitor, manage, and coach your driver's behaviour. Speed Assist Help your drivers comply with speed regulations. Health Monitor Proactively monitor employee health in real time. Fleet Tracking & Management Ensure the safety of your vehicles and drivers, secure your cargo and trailers. About × About We are a trusted brand and pioneered the vehicle tracking and stolen vehicle recovery industry in South Africa in 1994. Read more About Us Providing peace of mind to vehicle and fleet owners, their employees and families. News Latest news about Netstar, and the fleet and tracking industry. FAQ Answers to commonly asked questions. Careers Join the Altron Netstar team. Legal Terms and conditions for our products and services. Partners Loyalty partners, sponsorships, and memberships. User Manual Information about our products and services. Netstar x Sunshine Tour Powered by precision tracking and performance analytics. Contact × Contact Read more Contact Us Contact sales or customer support using your favourite channel. Fitment Centres Find the Netstar fitment centre closest to you. Track my Fitment Login Track my fitment Login Tracking today's talent. Creating tomorrow's champions. Together with the Sunshine Tour we’re driving South African golf excellence through data intelligence Learn More For the ones who dont stop. You keep South Africa moving. We make sure nothing stops you. Learn More Vehicle tracking and recovery South Africa’s first vehicle tracking and recovery company View more Don't lose it, STARtag it Introducing STARtag our next-generation tracker for your assets View more STARtag R79 pm | Netstar Plus R149 pm The Deal of the Year is here! Buy Now Learn More Personal vehicle tracking & recovery from R89 per month Get in touch Business Small fleet tracking & management from R199 per month Get in touch Why choose Netstar More than just getting you home. It's peace of mind that matters. 2m + Clients served 24/7 Emergency call centre 90% + Recovery rate 100+ Fitment centres, or we come to you R1.5b + Worth of assets recovered What our clients say Netstar is more than just our tracking and technology partner. What their hardware and software technology allows us to do, it's incredible and it means we can focus more on moving people safely on a daily basis. Jack Sekwaila Executive Group Operations Manager, PUTCO The Partnership between Netstar and Toyota South Africa is a testament to our shared commitment to conserving wildlife and protecting the environment. Toyota South Africa is proud to partner with Netstar’s technology and the project is yielding stellar results as we strive to eradicate rhino poaching. John Thomson Vice President Services, Toyota South Africa We really needed to partner with a technology company. We know that technology changes very quickly and we need to stay abreast. We felt that Netstar was in a growing phase, and they had some new innovation that was to follow. We are getting the benefits of it now. Julian Visagie CEO, Hertz South Africa Thank you for the outstanding recovery of our fleet vehicle on 13 August 2025. Their swift response, professionalism, and constant updates gave us peace of mind. Thank you for your commitment to keeping our staffing and assets safe. We will not hesitate to recommend your company to anyone in need of reliable vehicle tracking and recovery services. Ryan Gibbons COO, Biddulphs Call me Simply complete the fields below, and we’ll call you back. Additional protection solutions Personal Taking care of you and your family’s safety and security is important to you and we take it just as seriously. We have four affordable solutions for you to choose from that will ensure you have a safer family, better vehicle protection, reduced insurance risk and added convenience. Business We know that running a business has so many moving parts, including your fleet on the roads. Our solutions will not only help you to manage your fleet, but will help you to keep an eye on and save costs. We will even help you to monitor and improve driver behaviour. About us We are a trusted brand and pioneered the South African vehicle tracking and stolen vehicle recovery industry in 1994. We provide industry-leading stolen vehicle recovery services, advanced vehicle and fleet tracking, great fleet management solutions for all-sized business and commercial fleets, commanding insurance telematics solutions and best-in-class bureau services. In fact, no IoT solution is out of our reach. Read more × We are a trusted brand and pioneered the vehicle tracking and stolen vehicle recovery industry in South Africa in 1994. We provide industry-leading stolen vehicle recovery services, advanced vehicle and fleet tracking, great fleet management solutions for all-sized business and commercial fleets, commanding insurance telematics solutions and best-in-class fleet intelligence services – in fact, no IoT solution is out of our reach. Personal Vehicle tracking and recovery Asset tracking and recovery Companion Value-added services Roadguard Login My Netstar Netstar Fleet Manager Netstar Profleet Netstar Service BOT Business Fleet Tracking & Management Trailer Manager Health Monitor AI Camera Solution Mining Fleet Solution Fleet Intelligence Service Data-as-a-Service Speed assist About About us Careers FAQ Legal News Partners User manual Contact us Netstar support centre 0860 12 24 36 cs@netstar.co.za Netstar Companion Support Centre companion@netstar.co.za Netstar Head Office Central Park Offices 16th Road, Midrand, 1685 011 207 5500 © Netstar 2026 | Sitemap | PAIA & POPIA Manual | Privacy Statement | Website Ts & Cs | Subscriber Ts & Cs Netstar is a subsidiary of Altron and respects your privacy – please refer to the privacy statement for details on how we collect and use your personal information, with whom we share it, and your choices and rights in relation to your personal information. Registered as a security service provider by the Private Security Industry Regulatory Authority, registration number: 1205544. To get in touch with the Altron Ethics Line, please contact: 08600 206 352, altronethicsline@tip-offs.com or www.tip-offs.com