Human Risk Intelligence Services - Nisos Home Solutions By Use Case Manage Human Risk Protect Online Platforms Manage Cybersecurity Risks Protect Executives, Assets, and Reputation Secure the Employee Lifecycle By Industry Legal Federal Services Human Risk Employment Shield Executive Shield Third-Party Intelligence Solutions Insider Threat Intelligence Solutions Risk Assessment Threat Landscape Assessment Threat Monitoring OSINT Monitoring and Analysis Suite Investigations Adversary Insights Platform Ascend™ Product Tours Company About Us The Nisos Difference Client Success Careers Resources News Blog Research Events & Webinars Resource Library Podcasts Contact Select Page Executive Digital Exposure Trends Discover how public data exposes corporate leaders and puts companies at risk. Access the full report >> Services > Human Risk Human Risk Intelligence, Delivered Tailored services that help you detect, investigate, and prevent human-driven threats both inside and outside of your organization. Real Answers, Powered by People and Technology Managing Human Risk, Empowering Your Business Our human risk management (HRM) services are built to uncover, investigate, and reduce threats tied to people across your organization. From executive protection to insider threat detection, we shape every engagement around your specific risks, needs, and organizational challenges. Explore Human Risk Solutions Human Risk Intelligence in Action We provide end-to-end protection for executives with services that reduce risk, prevent exposure, and mitigate threats. Our assessments provide visibility into your digital footprint and awareness of exploitable risks of your key team members. We monitor for PII and other sensitive data that’s been exposed. We provide alerts and investigations for any threats to your employee and their family, and help reduce their PII exposure and digital footprint to minimize the risk of further threats. U Identify Uncover risk signals before they become problems. Executive Shield – provide visibility into an individual’s risk profile, including vulnerabilities across their digital footprint and monitor for threats. Employment Shield – detect polywork, resume fraud, and red flags before hiring. Third-Party Intelligence – reveal affiliations and reputational risks among vendors, clients, or investors. h Investigate Get the intelligence needed to act decisively. Executive Shield – assess, triage and unmask threats and targeting for high-risk individuals. Employment Shield – expose fraud and misrepresentation by candidates with heightened risk profiles. Insider Threat Intelligence – uncover external indicators of misuse of access, malign activities, and deception. Third-Party Intelligence – unearth undisclosed ties that could pose a reputational or business risk  Prevent Stay ahead of threats that impact your people and reputation. Executive Shield – monitor and reduce digital exposure to protect leadership. Employment Shield – know the key fraud indicators and best practices to reduce risky hires. Insider Threat Intelligence – detect early indicators of insider risk and human errors to prevent escalation. Third-Party Intelligence – mitigate downstream risk by tracking high-risk relationships How We Deliver Human Risk Intelligence We help you investigate, assess, and monitor human-driven threats with extensive collection capabilities, expert analysis, and a powerful tradecraft to deliver finished intelligence that drives real outcomes. Outside-In Intelligence We operate where digital threats begin, across open-source, social, and dark web environments. From executive exposure to hiring risk, our assessments identify who is behind the threat and how they operate. Expert-Led Investigations Our analysts bring deep experience and proven tradecraft to every engagement. With a focus on context, clarity, and outcomes, we deliver real answers. Not just raw data. Real-World Impact Our intelligence drives action. Whether you need to reduce executive risks, disrupt insider activity, or pursue legal consequences, we provide the insight and evidence that protects against human risk. It’s not just intelligence, it’s outcomes that protect your people and business. Protection Across Key Risk Areas Each of our human risk management solutions targets a specific type of human risk – so you can act with precision. Leadership Protection Safeguard high-profile leaders from targeted threats, digital exposure, and real-world risk. Protect Your Executives Today >> Insider Risk Identify, investigate, mitigate internal threats, and data exfiltration within your organization. Reduce Your Insider Threat Risk >> Workforce Integrity Detect fraud, false credentials, and pre-hire risk indicators. Safeguard Your Workforce >> External Relationships Reveal hidden affiliations or risks among vendors, investors, or clients. Protect Your Company from Third-Party Risks >> “We trust and look to Nisos when support is needed to address complex security challenges. Throughout the course of our relationship, their ability to conduct tailored evidence collection and analysis to aid in our security investigations has enabled us to mitigate significant risks across cybersecurity, disinformation, fraud, and physical security.” Andrew Stanley, CISO – Mars INC Nisos Ascend™: Analyst Tradecraft in your Hands Nisos helps you stay ahead of the people behind the threats. We combine our white-glove intelligence services with Ascend™, a client-facing SaaS platform that puts our proven tradecraft directly into your team’s hands. White-Glove Services Analyst-led, finished intelligence solutions give you a decisive edge over emerging threats. – In-depth investigations that deliver answers – like attribution – that others don’t – Full-service and end-to-end – from risk assessment and monitoring to threat mitigation and prevention – A custom, curated relationship – built for your specific needs – that evolves with you Ascend™ Platform Client-led experience provides risk and threat visibility. Includes: – Rapidly surface risks and threats any time – day or night – Dynamic, at-a-glance visualization of risk and ROI – Powerful and accessible to easily scale with your needs and capabilities – Confidence in spotting risks before they escalate Through our hybrid approach we meet your team where they are to protect your people and organization. Ascend modules include Executive Shield for executive digital protection and Insider Threat Intelligence for insider risk. Learn more about Ascend >> The Nisos Difference People: Our team has a deep bench of expertise and experience that operates as an extension of your team. Technology: We provide you with hands-on access to our tradecraft and evolve with your needs. Tradecraft: We cast a wide net and go miles deep in our digital investigations to solve problems that others don’t. Dedicated human risk experts committed to your success. Contact Us Solutions By Use Case Manage Human Risk > Protect Online Platforms > Manage Cybersecurity Risks > Protect Executives, Assets, and Reputation > Secure the Employee Life Cycle > By Industry Legal > Federal > Human Risk Employment Shield > Executive Shield > Third-Party Intelligence Solutions > Insider Threat Intelligence Solutions > Risk Assessments Threat Landscape Assessment > Threat Monitoring OSINT Monitoring & Analysis > Investigations Adversary Insights® Investigation > Company About Us > The Nisos Difference > Client Success > Careers > Resources News > Blog > Events > Resource Library > Podcasts > Contact info@nisos.com tel: 703-382-8400 2101 Wilson Blvd. Suite 304 Arlington, VA 22201 Follow Follow Follow Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy ©2026 Nisos All Rights Reserved