CyberCX | Leading Cyber Security Company In Australia Skip to main content Just released: CyberCX 2026 Threat Report → Close Capabilities Featured services Penetration Testing Essential Eight Services ISO 27001 Certification Security Operations Centre (SOC) Vulnerability Assessments Cyber Threat and Risk Assessments Cyber Security for SMB Security Testing and Assurance Protect your digital assets and ensure operational resilience. Governance, Risk and Compliance Manage risk and meet legal and regulatory compliance obligations. Strategy and Consulting Secure your organisation while improving efficiency and revenue. Privacy Advisory Build a sustainable and socially responsible data-driven business. Network and Infrastructure Solutions Design, integrate and deploy network solutions. Identity and Access Management Effectively manage digital identities and access management. Managed Security Services Cyber security expertise delivered as a service. Cloud Security and Solutions Design, build and manage secure cloud and data solutions. Digital Forensics and Incident Response Proactive threat hunting and cyber breach response. Cyber Strategic Communications Prepare, respond and recover from cyber incidents. Cyber Intelligence Unparalleled visibility into the cyber threat landscape. Education and Training Organisation-wide education and training, tailored to your needs. Resources Blog Expert analysis, industry insights and latest news from our leading cyber security experts. Cyber Security Resources Safeguard your company’s critical assets with our comprehensive cyber security resource centre. Customer Success Stories See how CyberCX has helped organisations to manage risk, build resilience and grow with confidence. Cyber Security Webinars Webinars from our leading cyber security experts and trusted partners. CyberCX Intelligence Insights Sector-specific reports that assess current and emerging areas of cyber risk for organisations. Newsroom The latest news, announcements and press coverage from CyberCX. Download 2026 Threat Report Careers Careers in cyber security Join Australia’s greatest force of cyber security professionals. CyberCX Academy Training the next generation of cyber security experts. About INCIDENT RESPONSE CONTACT US Search INCIDENT RESPONSE CONTACT US Menu Cyber Security Australia Securing our communities We partner with enterprise and government organisations to defend against cyber threats and embrace the opportunities of cloud. Be empowered to manage cyber risk, build resilience and grow with confidence in an increasingly complex and challenging threat environment. Talk to an expert Manage risk Expert guidance at scale to help your organisation manage cyber risk and ensure best practice data and digital governance. Build resilience Safeguard your digital assets and be prepared to respond and bounce back when the unexpected occurs. Grow with confidence Be empowered to optimise opportunities on your digital transformation journey. Latest insights In-depth analysis and the latest intelligence from our leading cyber security experts. 2026 Threat Report Data, trends and observations from the serious incidents we responded to in 2025 Continue reading Secure AI Practical insights and guidance for organisations developing a Secure AI Governance Framework Continue reading Cyber Governance Insights Govern cyber risk with the same discipline and confidence as other Board responsibilities. Continue reading Read our blog Trusted cyber security partner to leading Australian organisations. Ready to get started ? Find out how CyberCX can help your organisation manage risk, respond to incidents and build cyber resilience. Talk to an expert Customer success stories See how CyberCX has helped organisations, both big and small, meet their security and business transformation requirements. View all success stories Energy ISO 27001 Expansion and Certification for Endeavour Energy Download Case Study Logistics and Transport Managed Security Services for Armagaurd Download Case Study Not-for-profit Managed Detection and Response for Relationships Victoria Download Case Study Subscribe to the CyberCX mailing list Get the latest news and insights, event invitations and Academy updates from Australia’s leading cyber security company. Subscribe Penetration testing Protect your digital assets and ensure operational resilience with comprehensive security testing ​from the region’s largest and most experienced team of certified testing experts. Learn more Manage cyber risk Expert guidance at scale to help manage risk, enhance control over operations, increase profitability, and ensure you meet legal, contractual and regulatory compliance obligations. Learn more Incident response When the unexpected happens, you need the resilience to minimise impact and bounce back. Act quickly to identify the cause and respond with confidence by engaging internationally recognised experts with local insight. Learn more Cyber security services End-to-end services covering every challenge throughout your cyber security and cloud journey. Strategy and Consulting Keep your most valuable assets protected in a complex environment. Governance, Risk and Compliance Manage risk and meet legal and regulatory compliance obligations. Security Testing and Assurance Comprehensive testing to protect your digital assets and ensure operational resilience. Cyber Strategic Communications Prepare, respond and recover from cyber incidents Identity and Access Management Effectively manage digital identities and access management. Network and Infrastructure Solutions Design, integrate and deploy solutions to support your technology needs, including operational technology (OT) environments. Cloud Security and Solutions Design, build and manage secure cloud and data solutions. Managed Security Services Cyber security expertise delivered as a service. Digital Forensics and Incident Response Digital forensic investigations, proactive threat hunting and cyber breach response. Cyber Capability, Education and Training Organisation-wide education and training, tailored to your needs. Privacy Advisory Build a sustainable and socially responsible data-driven business. Cyber Intelligence Gain a decision advantage with unparalleled visibility into the cyber threat landscape Australia’s trusted cyber security and cloud partner Expertise at scale More than 1,400 cyber security and cloud professionals delivering solutions to our customers. Eyes on glass 24/7 Continuous monitoring of your network across our 9 advanced security operations centres globally. Help when you need it The region’s largest team of incident responders handle over 250 cyber breaches per year. Assessing your needs Industry-leading experts conduct more than 500 baseline security assessments per year. Providing credible assurance Our exceptional team of ethical hackers conducts over 3,000 penetration tests per year. Training the next generation The CyberCX Academy has trained 300 cyber security professionals in three years. Ready to get started ? Find out how CyberCX can help your organisation manage risk, respond to incidents and build cyber resilience. Talk to an expert Empowering organisations to manage cyber risk, build resilience and grow with confidence in an increasingly complex and challenging threat environment. Contact us Call us - 1300 031 274 Get in touch Report a cyber incident Capabilities Governance, Risk and Compliance Security Testing and Assurance Identity and Access Management Network and Infrastructure Solutions Managed Security Services Cyber Capability, Education and Training Privacy Advisory Cyber Intelligence Strategy and Consulting Crisis Communications Digital Forensics and Incident Response Insights CyberCX Intelligence Insights Customer Success Stories Cyber Security Webinars Blog Company About Careers Newsroom CyberCX acknowledges Traditional Owners of Country throughout Australia. We acknowledge all Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Peoples as First Nationals Peoples and Custodians of the oldest living culture. We pay our respects to ancestors and Elders, past and present and honour Aboriginal and Torres Strait Island Peoples’ unique cultural and spiritual relationships to the land, waters and communities. Privacy Privacy Policy Data Transfers Addendum Data Processing Agreement Reconciliation Action Plan Cookie Notice Website terms of use Terms & Conditions Supplier Code of Conduct Modern Slavery ©CyberCX 2026 All rights reserved. SF Test ✖