Managed Security Platform: Fueling Cyber Resilience | Deepwatch Skip to content Need Help? 855.303.3033 | Contact Us | Customer Login Why Deepwatch? Open menu Holistic Modern Security Operations Advancing the SOC Integrating detection and awareness technologies with effective responses, offering seamless enterprise protection. Learn More Compare SecOps Approaches Deepwatch vs. Competitors – See how Deepwatch outpaces the competition An Extension of Your Team – Deepwatch Security Experts are with you every step of the way. Transparency and Accountability – Partnership of engagement, responsibility, and collaboration. Reduced False Positives – Reduced false positives by 98% with our Dynamic Risk Scoring. Fast, Precise Response to Threats – Improve threat detection 10X and get faster, more precise responses. Improved Security Posture – Improve your annual security posture by 25% with our patented Security Index. Leverage Existing Tools – Get more value from your existing tools to improve ROI. Tailored for Your Business – Personalized program based on your risk tolerance and available resources. Exceptional ROI – Economies of scale, network effect, and personnel savings of more than 400% annually. Platform Open menu The Deepwatch Guardian MDR Platform™ Tour The Security Center Deepwatch NEXA™ Agentic AI Ecosystem View Use Cases Technologies MDR for Google SecOps MDR for Splunk MDR for Sentinel MDR for Securonix Security Center Products Managed Detection and Response Continuous Threat Exposure Management Dark Web Monitoring and Response Managed Endpoint Detection and Response Vulnerability Management Managed Firewall Experts Customer Onboarding Deepwatch Experts Adversary Tactics and Intelligence Team Company Open menu Careers Cultivating Cyber Resilience Experts Guided by our core values, we're in search of dedicated individuals driven to solve complex problems and protect our customers. Join Our Team About – Understand the Deepwatch approach and our guiding mission. Leadership – Explore our outstanding Deepwatch leaders and what inspires them. Contact – Connect with Deepwatch experts to get all your questions answered. Our Customers – Learn why our customers choose Deepwatch. Events – Engage with Deepwatch experts at industry events for valuable insights. Awards and Recognition – Explore Deepwatch’s impressive accolades and achievements. Newsroom – Stay informed with the latest news from Deepwatch. In The News – Read the latest industry articles featuring Deepwatch. Press Releases – Read about Deepwatch product launches, industry awards, and new partnerships. Partners Open menu Partner Portal Login Get access to all the critical information you need to be successful. Login Partner Benefits – What to expect as a Deepwatch partner. Technology Partners – See a sampling of our valued partners. Become A Partner – Talk to us about partnering. Resources Open menu Featured Resource Empowering CISOs: Seven Strategies to Outmaneuver Threats for Organizational Resilience Read Now Resource Library Case Studies Datasheets eBooks Podcasts Videos Webinars Whitepapers Blog Security Insights Thought Leadership Threat Intelligence Customer Awareness Advisory Cyber Intel Brief Significant Cyber Events Cybersecurity Threat Reports Industry Insights Request A Demo × Webinar: Your Tech, Your Choice: How BYOT in MDR Puts You Back in Control Register Explore Our Platform The Deepwatch Guardian MDR Platform™ Technology, People, and Processes Designed to Build Cyber Resilience. Talk to an Expert Read eBook --> Our Approach 24/7/365 Cyber Resilience The Deepwatch Managed Security Platform combines the technology, people, and processes for a hybrid, collaborative approach to measuring and improving cyber resilience. Threat Management Capabilities our capabilities encompass an industry-leading security technology stack utilized by Deepwatch to proactively identify and address cyber threats. The Deepwatch Security Center is the technological interface that connects industry-leading security tools with our security teams and ticketing systems Deepwatch Experts , including named analysts, engineers, and threat hunters do more than augment your staff, they become an extension of your organization. Explore the Deepwatch Guardian MDR Platform --> The Benefits of the Deepwatch Guardian MDR Platform Tailored for Your Business. A security program based on your specific risk tolerances, desired security outcomes, and available resources. Experts in Security. Industry veterans and former CISOs who redefined the managed security industry. An Extension of Your Team. A team of experts you will know by name who help you monitor, manage, and respond to threats 24/7/365. Transparency and Accountability. A true partnership of engagement, responsibility, and collaboration to achieve your desired outcomes. Precision Response to Threats. Advanced correlation and dynamic risk threat scoring improve detection 10X and enable more precise responses. Reduced False Positives. The most advanced dynamic risk scoring engine reduces false positives by 98%, saving you time, money, and alert fatigue. Improved Security Posture. Our patented Deepwatch Security Index helps you continuously improve your security posture. More Value from Your Existing Tools. Make your existing tools more effective and integrate with best-in-class solutions for improved ROI. Exceptional ROI. Payback in less than 6 months from economies of scale, network effect, technology, and personnel savings adding to more than 432% per year. Deepwatch Guardian MDR Platform Packages Deepwatch Platform Core Dramatically improve detection and response capabilities Explore Core Deepwatch Platform Advanced Confidently configure and deploy endpoint prevention policies and improve response. Explore Advanced Deepwatch Platform Enterprise Deeper insights into your organization's unique requirements, expanding response capabilities. Explore Enterprise --> Related Resources The State of the Modern SOC Deepwatch Threat Analytics A Cyber Architect's Playbook Let's Talk Ready for Guardians You Can Trust? Meet with us to discuss your threats, vulnerabilities, and challenges and discover how Deepwatch can stand watch over what matters most. Get Started Deepwatch ® is the leader in Precision MDR powered by AI and humans. We amplify human expertise with AI insights to reduce the risks that matter most to your business. Our protection is proactive, preemptive and responsive, tuned to your business, with no black boxes, and watched by experts 24/7. Corporate Headquarters 250 Cambridge Avenue Palo Alto, CA 94306 USA Florida 4030 W Boy Scout Blvd. Suite 550 Tampa, FL 33607 USA India Pradhanani Wilshire - 1, 3rd Floor, No.14 Ashok Nagar, Bengaluru 560025 India 855.303.3033 [email protected] Company Our Customers Security Center The Deepwatch Guardian MDR Platform™ Solution Providers Strategic Alliance Partners About Leadership Careers Trust Contact Us Resources Threat Intelligence Resource Library Blog Press Events Education Center Glossary Customer Login © Copyright 2026 Deepwatch, Inc. Sitemap | Privacy Policy