Batuta Batuta Platform Batuta Platform Overview See and control endpoints across your environments in seconds. How it works Solutions By Use Case Endpoint Visibility & Control Monitor, manage, and protect your endpoint assets with speed and scale. Incident Response Identify and mitigate potential risks before they result in an incident or breach. Risk and Compliance Know your top risks and secure them while meeting standards. Tool Utilization Maximize efficiency and reduce costs with full stack visibility. What Are Your Challenges? Let Batuta help you tackle your unique security challenges with proactive protection. How we help About Customers Partners Learn Blog Batuta Updates es Get a Demo Orchestrate your security posture through endpoint intelligence. Batuta delivers unparalleled visibility through our lightweight agent, which provides real-time, reliable data directly from your endpoints—the foundation of true endpoint intelligence. Get a Demo Your endpoints are the critical attack vector 70% Of successful cyber attacks begin on an endpoint. 62% Average breakout time for incidents. 78% Of organizations use more than 50 cybersecurity tools. Trusted by security teams to solve complex endpoint challenges Get a Demo “Batuta is easy to use, easy to understand. It is rapid to implement and delivers quick wins.” Sergio Eddy, Chief Risk Officer, Multiva 90% Reduced mean time to respond and recover from a ransomware attack. Manufacturing Company “I often speak with CISOs about visibility gaps, supply chain, data overload, and tool sprawl. Batuta addresses these issues with proactive insights and efficient tool management.” Robert Rodriguez, Chairman and Founder of SINET “Despite increased security spending, fundamentals are missing. Batuta offers visibility, control, and end-to-end cybersecurity certainty.” Jay Leek, Former CISO of Blackstone 50% Reduction in security and technology risk. Financial Company “Nowadays, it is one of the most used technologies in our organization for both monitoring and execution.” Juan Manuel Marquez, Global CIO at ECOM Deploys in minutes No changes to existing infrastructure Fast Time to Value No extra overhead Conduct Every Endpoint in Harmony at Scale, from a Single Platform Risk & Compliance Management Incident Response Management Tool Utilization Core: Endpoint Visibility and Control API Integrations Workstations Servers Virtual Machines Lightweight Endpoint Agent Take the first step toward orchestrated endpoint intelligence. Discover how Batuta simplifies endpoint protection, empowers your team with real-time insights, and strengthens your security posture through intelligent, data-driven decisions. Rapid install/uninstall of endpoint software Effortless maintenance Real-time status checks Efficient asset tracking and management Rapid threat containment and mitigation Stakeholder trust reinforcement through transparency Batuta is orchestrating the future of cybersecurity through Endpoint Intelligence. By transforming every endpoint into a reliable source of intelligence, the platform eliminates complexity and fragmentation—turning noise into actionable insight. Batuta is a member of the World Economic Forum's Global Innovators Community and the Centre for Cybersecurity, and is headquartered in San Francisco. Batuta Platform Explore the Platform Get a Demo Customers About Contact Resources Blog © 2025 Batuta Inc. Privacy Policy