Exabeam | Cybersecurity & Compliance with Security Log Management and SIEM Skip to content AI is driving 2026 cybersecurity budget growth, but proving its value is the real challenge — Get the Report. Search Products Back The Exabeam Product Portfolio The Exabeam Product Portfolio provides flexible choices for SIEM and threat detection, investigation, and response. Whether it’s cloud for advanced TDIR driven by AI and automation, or TDIR and compliance with a self-hosted SIEM, Exabeam has you covered. Cloud-Native Platform New-Scale Fusion New-Scale SIEM New-Scale Analytics Exabeam Nova AI Agent Outcomes Navigator NetMon Self-Hosted Platform LogRhythm SIEM LogRhythm Intelligence NetMon Capabilities Agent Behavior Analytics SIEM UEBA AI SOAR TDIR Insider Threats Compliance Solutions Back Exabeam Solutions Meet your strategic security outcomes with Exabeam. From industry-specific requirements to outcome-focused use case coverage, Exabeam delivers faster, more accurate threat detection, investigation, and response (TDIR). By Use Case Insider Threats External Threats Compliance By Industry Financial Services Government Healthcare Higher Education Manufacturing Benefits Detect High-Risk Threats Automate Investigation & Response Improve Threat Coverage Optimize Security Investments Flexible Deployment Resources Back Resources Learn more about Exabeam and the latest trends in security operations, browse the resource library, attend an event near you, or explore our Explainers to get up to speed on industry topics. Support & Services Professional Services Education & Training Community Documentation Learning Resources Blog Resource Library The New CISO Podcast Events Webinars Newsroom TEN18 by Exabeam Security Explainers SIEM SIEM Tools UEBA Information Security Cyber Threat Intelligence AI Cyber Security Log Management SOAR Insider Threats View All Why Exabeam Back Why Exabeam Exabeam helps the world’s leading organizations fight what they can’t see with faster, more accurate, and repeatable threat detection, investigation, and response (TDIR). Leading with Value AI Innovation What’s New at Exabeam Customer Stories Trusted & Secure Awards Analyst Reports The Exabeam Difference Trusted Partners Partner Program Find a Partner Become a Partner Partner Portal People & Careers Meet the Team Diversity, Inclusion & Culture Join Us Contact Us EN Back Get a Demo EN Contact Us Get a Demo Real Intelligence. Real Security. Real Fast. AI and automation for threat detection, investigation, and response. Get a Demo Learn More RESEARCH REPORT AI is Driving Spend and Raising Doubt 95% are increasing budgets in 2026 with AI as the main driver despite being the hardest investment to justify. Get the Report INDUSTRY RECOGNITION Named a 6x Leader Exabeam is proud to be named a Leader in the 2025 Gartner ® ️ Magic Quadrant™ for Security Information and Event Management for the sixth time. Download Now Elevating Security Operations with Agentic AI Agent-Driven Detection, Investigation and Response Augment or replace your SIEM with behavioral analytics to accelerate triage and focus analysts on the threats that matter most. Agent-powered workflows accelerate investigations, improve accuracy, and increase team productivity. Industry-Leading Insider Threat Protection Baseline and understand normal behavior so you can identify the abnormal and take action. Expose the threats that other tools miss, including the new breed of insider threat: AI agents. Measurable, Outcomes-Driven Security Ingest your data at scale and connect it to business outcomes. Continuously improve your security program, leveraging an agent that advises on high-value use cases, and meet evolving compliance requirements. Explore trusted customer stories > The Leading Platform for TDIR Realize the full potential of your security operations with the cloud-native New-Scale Security Operations Platform, or the self-hosted LogRhythm SIEM Platform. Transition to a cloud-native SIEM Replace an on-premises SIEM Consolidate multiple SIEM tools Augment your SIEM with behavioral analytics Add AI and automation to an existing SIEM Integrate TDIR with a single UI Start an insider threat program Discover the Platform Better Security. Faster Results. Whether your SIEM is running cloud-native or self-hosted , the Exabeam Product Portfolio meets you where you are. Take a look at our most recent product announcements. See What’s New What outcomes are you looking to achieve? The Exabeam Portfolio provides flexibility and choice to achieve your most strategic security outcomes. From implementing TDIR best practices and tracking credential usage, to ensuring compliance and gaining supply chain visibility, Exabeam provides a use case-driven approach to combat insider threats, mitigate external risks, and meet regulatory requirements. Insider Threats Detect and mitigate insider attacks linked to stolen credentials. Monitor insider behavior to determine intent and take remedial actions. Learn More External Threats Defend against phishing, malware, ransomware, and more. Learn More Compliance Always-on compliance simplifies adherence and reporting. Learn More Join Exabeam Live and Virtual Events Register Now “Exabeam was able to resolve logs for us within hours, as opposed to months or years. We deployed Exabeam as our SIEM and we haven’t looked back.” Deborah Wheeler Chief Information Security Officer | Delta Air Lines Learn More About Exabeam Learn about the Exabeam platform and expand your knowledge of information security with our collection of white papers, podcasts, webinars, and more. Webinar Exabeam New-Scale Platform: January 2026 Quarterly Launch Register Now Webinar LogRhythm SIEM: January 2026 Quarterly Launch Register Now Webinar The Must-Have Essentials for Every Modern SOC Register Now Report From Hype to Help: How AI Is (Really) Transforming Cybersecurity in 2025 Read Now Show More Featured Blogs Stay ahead with Exabeam news, insights, innovations, and best practices covering information security and cyberthreat detection and response. Blog Cybersecurity Threats: Everything you Need to Know Read Now Report 2024 State of the Security Team Research Read Now Explainer What Is Information Security? Goals, Types and Applications Read Now Explainer AI Cyber Security: Securing AI Systems Against Cyber Threats Read Now View All Featured Blogs See Exabeam in Action Request more information or request a demo of the industry’s most powerful platforms for threat detection, investigation, and response (TDIR). Learn more: If self-hosted or cloud-native SIEM is right for you How to ingest and monitor data at cloud scale How monitoring and analyzing AI and automated agent behavior uncovers risky non-human activity How to automatically score and profile user activity See the complete picture using incident timelines Why playbooks help make the next right decision Support compliance mandates Award-Winning Leaders in Security Thank you for requesting a demo. A representative will be contacting you shortly to schedule a convenient time. 385 Interlocken Crescent Suite 1050 Broomfield, CO 80021 1.844.EXABEAM [email protected] Follow Us: Get a Demo Contact Us About Exabeam About Us Leadership Industry Awards Analyst Reports Newsroom Media Kit Events Careers Popular LInks The Exabeam Difference What’s New at Exabeam Blog Resource Library Customer Stories The New CISO Podcast Exabeam Trust Center Find a Partner Get Support Support and Services Professional Services Education and Training Documentation Community GitHub Service Status Cookie Settings SECURITY Explainers SIEM SIEM Tools UEBA Information Security AI Cyber Security Log Management SOAR Insider Threats MITRE ATT&CK Compliance Management PCI Compliance GDPR Compliance HIPAA Compliance SOX Compliance Network Detection and Response What Are TTPs New-Scale SIEM SIEM Security Event Logging Cloud Security XDR © 2026 Exabeam Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Ethical Trading Policy