Cybersecurity Consulting Services & Strategies | Accenture Skip to main content Skip to footer Menu Close Menu What we do Back What we do Capabilities Capabilities Cloud Customer Service Cybersecurity Data and Artificial Intelligence Digital Engineering and Manufacturing Ecosystem Partners Emerging Technology Finance and Risk Management Infrastructure and Capital Projects Learning Managed Services Marketing and Experience Metaverse Sales and Commerce Strategy Supply Chain Sustainability Talent and Organization Technology Transformation Industries Industries Aerospace and Defense Automotive Banking Capital Markets Chemicals Communications and Media Consumer Goods and Services Energy Health High Tech Industrial Insurance Life Sciences Natural Resources Public Service Private Equity Retail Software and Platforms Travel US Federal Government Utilities What we think Who we are Back About Accenture Our organization Our organization Awards and Recognition Corporate Sustainability Industry Analyst Recognition Leaders Locations 360° Value Report Media & Investors Media & Investors Media Relations Investor Relations Board of Directors How we serve How we serve Strategy and Consulting Technology Operations Industry X Song Careers Back Careers homepage Find a job Find a job Search for jobs Career areas Life at Accenture Life at Accenture Working here Benefits Work environment Careers blog How we hire How we hire Using AI Hiring journey Pro tips Contact Us Careers Locations linkedin facebook instagram Search USA Current Country: United States Default (English) All COUNTRIES & LANGUAGES Argentina (Spanish) Australia (English) Austria (German) Belgium (English) Brazil (Portuguese) Bulgaria (English) Canada (English) Canada (French) Chile (Spanish) China/Hong Kong SAR (English) China/Mainland (Chinese) China/Mainland (English) Colombia (Spanish) Costa Rica (English) Czech Republic (English) Denmark (English) Finland (English) France (French) Germany (German) Greece (English) Hungary (English) India (English) Indonesia (English) Ireland (English) Israel (English) Italy (Italian) Japan (Japanese) Latvia (English) Luxembourg (English) Malaysia (English) Mauritius (English) Mexico (Spanish) Morocco (English) Netherlands (English) New Zealand (English) Norway (English) Philippines (English) Poland (English) Poland (Polish) Portugal (Portuguese) Romania (English) Saudi Arabia (English) Singapore (English) Slovakia (English) South Africa (English) Spain (Spanish) Sweden (English) Switzerland (English) Thailand (English) UAE (English) United Kingdom (English) USA (English) Cybersecurity What to do What’s trending Awards Leaders Careers Expand Menu What to do What’s trending Awards Leaders Careers Cybersecurity consulting De-risk tomorrow by boosting cybersecurity today. Infuse cybersecurity into your strategy and ecosystem to protect value, help prevent threats and build trust as you grow. Cybersecurity now $10.5T estimated yearly cost of cybercrime in 2025 86% of business leaders believe global geopolitical instability is likely to lead to a catastrophic cyber event in the next two years 200% levels of disruption increased from 2017 to 2022 Reinvent with cybersecurity Close Cyber Strategy Design and operationalize a secure business strategy to protect value and customer trust Cybersecurity isn’t just an IT issue – it's a critical business priority. Integrating your cybersecurity strategy with business goals is essential for driving reinvention and growth. Learn more Cyber Strategy Design and operationalize a secure business strategy to protect value and customer trust Cybersecurity isn’t just an IT issue – it's a critical business priority. Integrating your cybersecurity strategy with business goals is essential for driving reinvention and growth. Learn more Close Cyber Resilience Respond quickly to unseen cybersecurity threats and new regulations 74% of CEOs worry about their ability to minimize cyberattacks. Organizations must adapt swiftly and scale operations with real-time insights. Discover how to identify threats and respond fast. Learn more Cyber Resilience Respond quickly to unseen cybersecurity threats and new regulations 74% of CEOs worry about their ability to minimize cyberattacks. Organizations must adapt swiftly and scale operations with real-time insights. Discover how to identify threats and respond fast. Learn more Close Cyber Protection Rapidly modernize cybersecurity to safeguard your digital core Companies are most vulnerable to cyber-attacks during digital transformation. Learn how to adopt zero trust principles and protect your business. Learn more Cyber Protection Rapidly modernize cybersecurity to safeguard your digital core Companies are most vulnerable to cyber-attacks during digital transformation. Learn how to adopt zero trust principles and protect your business. Learn more Close Quantum Security Shield your data for a quantum-safe future 75% of encryption in use today is at risk Breakthroughs in quantum computing will threaten 75% of the encryption that’s in use today. Kickstart your organization’s quantum security journey today to ensure long-term cybersecurity and compliance. Learn more Quantum Security Shield your data for a quantum-safe future Breakthroughs in quantum computing will threaten 75% of the encryption that’s in use today. Kickstart your organization’s quantum security journey today to ensure long-term cybersecurity and compliance. 75% of encryption in use today is at risk Learn more Close Cyber-Physical Security Protect your operational technology and connected products confidently With greater connectivity comes more operational and smart product vulnerability. Turn infrastructure security into a business enabler with seamless cyber-physical protection for a safer, smarter future. Learn more Cyber-Physical Security Protect your operational technology and connected products confidently With greater connectivity comes more operational and smart product vulnerability. Turn infrastructure security into a business enabler with seamless cyber-physical protection for a safer, smarter future. Learn more Close Cyber Industry Is your cyber resilience fit for your industry? Cyber resilience must be customized to fit your industry’s unique needs. Tailor your solution to effectively secure products and organizations. Get industry-specific protection now. Learn more Cyber Industry Is your cyber resilience fit for your industry? Cyber resilience must be customized to fit your industry’s unique needs. Tailor your solution to effectively secure products and organizations. Get industry-specific protection now. Learn more Close Cybersecurity Centers How will you outsmart your toughest cybersecurity challenges? Cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated. Leverage managed services, advanced analytics, intelligent automation and integrated defense to out-innovate attackers. Learn more Cybersecurity Centers How will you outsmart your toughest cybersecurity challenges? Cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated. Leverage managed services, advanced analytics, intelligent automation and integrated defense to out-innovate attackers. Learn more What’s trending with cybersecurity View all work Close Research Report Global Cybersecurity Outlook 2026 AI, geopolitics, and widening cyber inequity are reshaping risk. WEF and Accenture share leaders’ insights with actionable strategies to adapt at speed: close gaps and strengthen resilience for 2026. Expand Close Research Report 4 critical actions to take now to strengthen your cyber defenses Cyber risks are growing faster than ever, outpacing security efforts. How do you get ahead of these threats? In this year’s State of Cybersecurity Resilience, learn the steps to build resilience as you embrace AI transformation. Expand Close Case Study How the National Cyber Security Centre defends the UK’s digital frontier The next phase of its protective domain name service blocks over 350 million threats a month, ensuring a safer digital future for UK services, people and organizations. Expand Close Research Report Technology Vision 2025 AI is transforming business— driving autonomy, amplifying capabilities, and revolutionizing entire industries. From next-gen robotics to dynamic human-AI partnerships, discover the trends that are defining tomorrow, today. Expand Close Blog Empowering a secure autonomous AI future As companies scale AI initiatives, especially generative AI, we're entering a new era of innovation. Ensuring a secure AI future is crucial, highlighting the importance of cybersecurity. Expand Close Blog Strengthening AI agent security with identity management As AI agents become integral to business operations, organizations must adopt modern identity management practices, aligning with a Zero Trust security model to mitigate risks and comply with future regulations. Expand Close Announcement Accenture Expands Gen AI Cybersecurity Services & Capabilities With cyber risks on the rise, Accenture unveils advanced Gen AI and quantum-safe solutions that detect, respond to, predict and prevent threats in real-time. Expand Close Perspective Securing the digital core in the gen AI era To close the gap in security maturity within the digital core and achieve reinvention readiness, organizations must activate three strategic levers. Here are the essential strategies for success. Expand Partners in change Awards and recognition Toggle awards card detail view Accenture leads in Gartner® 2024 Security Services Market Share report Accenture has the highest revenue in Security Professional and Managed Security Services in Gartner® Market Share: Security Services, Worldwide, 2024. Learn more Toggle awards card detail view Accenture Named Overall Leader in the Everest Group MDR PEAK Matrix® 2025 Accenture tops the Everest Group MDR PEAK Matrix 2025, excelling in global reach, scalable pricing, operational resilience, modular solutions, and AI-led security. Learn more Toggle awards card detail view The Forrester Wave™: Cybersecurity Consulting Services in Europe, Q1 2024 Accenture leads in Forrester's Cybersecurity Consulting in Europe, praised for its strategy, $3B AI investment, and strong client partnerships. Toggle awards card detail view Accenture Named Leader in IDC Cybersecurity Consulting 2024 Assessment Accenture leads in IDC's 2024 Cybersecurity Consulting Services, praised for its investments, flexibility, and broad service spectrum. Toggle awards card detail view Accenture Leads Everest Group's Cybersecurity North America PEAK Matrix® 2024 Accenture is top-rated in Market Impact & Vision, Accenture excels in threat detection, AI-driven security, and regulatory compliance. Toggle awards card detail view Accenture Leader in Everest Group's Europe Cybersecurity PEAK Matrix® 2024 Leading in Market Impact and Vision, Accenture's AI-driven mySecurity platform and IP-backed services deliver comprehensive, cost-optimized security. Learn more Our leaders Paolo Dal Cin Global Lead – Accenture Cybersecurity LinkedIn Giovanni Cozzolino Europe, Middle East, Africa Lead – Accenture Cybersecurity LinkedIn Harpreet Sidhu Americas Lead – Accenture Cybersecurity LinkedIn James Nunn-Price Asia Pacific Lead – Accenture Cybersecurity LinkedIn Cybersecurity careers​ Use your expertise and start-up mentality to help clients build secure, resilient businesses in a complex and ever-changing threat landscape. Search open roles​ Like this content? Stay ahead of change by downloading the Accenture Foresight App. Let there be change Preference Center Careers About Us Contact Us Locations Sitemap Privacy Statement Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy/Settings Accessibility Statement Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information © 2026 Accenture. All Rights Reserved.